Australia to salute my brothers a little
brother
yeah what's it feel like I'm gonna show
time special I don't know I feel the
same a little more stressed out stressed
out yeah yeah stay away from them
comments on here's a whole deal with all
that stuff man
he put it out you watch it you hate it
you get better forces yeah force you to
work I fucking hate everything I do so
there's no getting around it you're
gonna hate it you hate hearing yourself
the editing is the worst but you'll get
better you just take the some of the
criticism to heart understand what
people are saying for sure just uh
fucking keep on keepin on I'm happy
about it I just I I think I'm stressed
out this week he's last week us doing
publicity for like New York and like
hustling doing all that yeah I saw you
did Breakfast Club
Charlamagne you and Charlie need to get
together okay you guys would be great I
was listening to his his audiobook it's
very interesting he said he'd said some
real bouts with anxiety yeah weird weird
anxiety yeah weird anxiety right once I
think yeah yeah yeah I think it comes
from talking shit I think when you talk
a lot of shit you worried about shit
coming back at Jen you like Jesus what
did I say at least that's how it is for
me it depends if it's like legit like
when me and Dana are going oh yeah I
just want that because it brings out
like that Horus the evilness in people
you know oh I hope he tears him up oh I
hope you spin yeah then you're like oh I
don't I don't really want this
did you see Gaffigan and Neal Brennan no
dude no way Gaffigan lit Neal Brennan on
fire it's shit on his embers no for what
Neal started it why he'll start it I'm
gonna I'm gonna send it to Jamie I'm
gonna send it to Jamie so it's a sober
October text message group and listen I
love Neil when someone gets roasted
someone gets roasted and it's even
better because he started it he started
for Norman oh no I tried to be snarky
here Jamie I'm sending this to you right
now Jim Gaffigan is a mom I'm a monster
fantastic i'm pennsylvania three you
buzzing oh oh i saw that and he was van
helsing was it really oh my
God is amazing great I love those movies
love they're fun I love when my son gets
into that stuff just fucking animation
today is so incredible
I find myself sitting there watching the
animation going this is a maintenance
out shading and the just a detail ever
you can get into it with even if it's
it's meant for kids yeah as a parent I'm
good man to watch the despicable knees
oh yeah great fries amazed all three of
them are great but I love partnering
with the 80s soundtrack and the Creator
from South Park and isn't there another
one with just the fucking yellow dudes
the minions yeah it's good - those good
- yeah I saw that one a little long
Morgana gets a little weird when they
get to London but very good yeah they're
good yeah it's funny when you so this is
the Tex Brennan service so what happens
is Gaffigan puts up a thing saying hey
why are you looking at your phone you
could be watching my Netflix special I
made them all for you and he says Neil
says which one has the joke about food
you say like a food and then you talk
about it and I'd be over here dying and
then Gaffigan says Neil it's a special
where I have three microphones one
microphone is for jokes I pretend I
can't remember that I read off a card
one mic is for emotional manipulation of
the audience and one microphone is for
mentioning the Chappelle show and
celebrity friends boom that's like oh
that's like one of those bombs it goes
off in the distance you just hear em and
we're just like this with we've got a
little frisky frisky fire back
yes fire bad a little vulnerable spot
right there the liver was exposed Neil
just bowed out thank you thank you yeah
you're supposed to bow out there you
didn't do you fucked up you're supposed
to say ouch you got me there's Hannah
just joking man yeah
like sometimes one King distinct Theo
and I arose each other and he's so good
at it sometimes I was like I'm gonna sit
out man let's go ahead man I got nothing
I've ran out of material do go ahead so
the things he says are so Theo like he
Theo is like there's a few guys Theo's
one of them Sebastian's another one that
have
the like a style economy that you will
never be able to explain to someone they
got to go see him like you got to listen
to him because it's so strange where
most bikinis thing podcast is mostly me
saying something pretty average and then
feel just saying them up most outlandish
thinking me laughing my ass off the
funnest show ever because you guys go
back and forth at each other it's very
funny so funny man
yeah he's a unique dude very unique dude
as unique as they get yeah he's not
stray right now I guess yeah he's in
Australia right now he goes yeah this is
this morning is yeah man got a koala
come what come to the hotel and I went
oh shit man those things have chlamydia
so make sure you wash your hands and he
goes shit I have some things - he better
wash his roadie was that way - Brody had
that unique style - he's so special man
yeah you're so special is very just know
it yeah yeah yeah you just know it man I
be were asking what it's like to work
with Theo all you guys I said with Theo
it's like he's the LeBron James economy
so creative I'm just that shitty coach
on the side trying to manage man it's
just ball game fuck get out man he's but
he's just I mean there's other guys that
are funny but they're funny in like a
regular way like oh he's really good as
jokes are great he's got a great
presence he's great on stage but Theo's
like try to explain that you can't
explain that you gotta do this a magical
cluster of dark magic from New Orleans
where Jose something I'm like there's
certain guys I can watch and I'll go oh
he's definitely his IQ might be higher
than me mine but I see how he got there
with this premise of a joke with fee oh
my god that I have no idea how he got
that I've it's not happening you know
who gives me stress when I look at his
schedule Russell Peters
yeah he's mean like she's all over the
fucking pack Tragos -
forgot for like six weeks like he's all
here Michael Bisping almost got fucking
robbed in Africa mmm did he really yeah
he's doing a movie the fuck was he to in
Africa doing a movie Expendables 19 I
don't know what it was
he's doing a movie he got a little
liquored up his cab dropped him off and
said your your hotels over there he get
out of the cab he's like where the
fuck's my hotel the cab driver drives
off he's like looking around for the
hotel is he said like ten dudes just
started rolling up on him saying I want
your wallet you know if you want to live
you'll give me your wallet yeah this is
south after this office it's like
Rihanna
Lisa Pretoria fuck yeah so he ran and he
got away off so yeah you got away yeah
he's a big fella you know got a fight
and they probably could sense that a
little bit but if there's ten of them
they usually don't probably hammer to
them whether is ten Francis in Ghana oh
gee then you're giving your wallet just
the homies around if there's one Francis
ago nothing yeah Eddie Izzard was
telling me that when he was running he
rammed like 27 marathons in South Africa
and when he went through certain
sections of South Africa they go stop
you are not running through this area
we're gonna put you in a car we're gonna
drive you to where it's safe and then
you're gonna continue your run do this
but you will get robbed like it's like
there's areas where you just will get
robbed I have no interest in going to
Africa
like oh it's beautiful vehicle I want to
go look you really yeah I want to go I
want to see what those animals look like
in the wild I would love to see you know
before we fuck Africa up we got 12 years
they say before everything's gonna Ford
the way humans are fuckin up the world
there's no going back if we don't make a
change now that's from its from the
ending of little Dickies new video of
saving the world but it does say it's
like earth dot-org it's like that's a
quote from them I don't think they know
see the reality is they know there's a
real problem with carbon in the
environment they know that human beings
that put carbon in the environment in
unprecedented levels and they know that
the earth is heating up a rapidly but
they don't know like what exactly is
gonna happen there
models they predict none of them look
good they don't really know but no one
really knows right like some people are
like global warming's not real up see
our president doesn't think it is so
it's real but if you go back to like the
1990s they were predicting shit was
gonna happen that never happened same
thing with the 2000s but here we are
2019 we you know we should listen to
them because we're definitely fucking
out definitely fucking up the more the
whales and stuff with like trash there's
also too many people mm-hmm yeah but
what are you gonna do well there's two
schools of thought on that even the
schools of thought on people is what
happens is as the world gets more and
more westernized as people start
developing careers people have less and
less kids and that if you look at Japan
and you look at some westernized nations
they actually have a shortage of kids
and you know they they think that and
this is purely speculative right it's
just theoretical they think that as the
world becomes more and more
industrialized and westernized and more
technology and more advanced that people
will start to have less kids that's a
fair point but also even Americans
they're having kids later and I think
less as well yeah that's America but
also isn't there parts of Australia and
Africa where no one's really there so if
we had to we could colonize that and
like make it more livable brother they
don't the parts of Australia where no
one lives no one wants to live you don't
want to live in the fucking middle kid
where all the crocodiles are and shit
but we could figure it out yeah you can
figure it out couple Crocs feel the loss
snakes everywhere that'll kill you I
mean there's a lot of parts of Austria
Australia it's huge it's as big as the
United States so big in the giant parts
Africa - mm-hmm giant parts where we
could live if we had this but Australia
has less people than LA I know the whole
goddamn country you've been there right
yeah bunch I love it there love it you
think I'm sure you've done comedy yeah
yeah punch Tom's the best yeah
Sydney Melbourne Melbourne is crazy too
though have a great time they've been in
New Zealand yeah
no never been straight off of Jurassic
Park would you do their comedy no shit
why here in New Zealand when did you do
this I think like a year and a half two
years ago I did this tour of Australia
and that's what he was just starting
no crazier this out no openers came out
pulled oh my god why'd you do that
I don't crazy no one hey man I wasn't
sure that's what Australian just go by
yourself man you didn't even ask no I'd
swear dude Here I am Showtime special
it's fun though good experiences oh
they're good people I like the people
everybody I met from New Zealand it's
like very similar to Australian people
very down-to-earth super nice yeah it's
a beautiful place man means they did The
Hobbit there for a fucking reason yeah
good good food good people yeah I could
not that I could ever leave LA but I
could see I could live somewhere like I
could live in Australia me too it's very
American but clean like yeah but that's
the driving on the wrong side of the
road shit like get it together folks we
invented cars the fuck are you doing
over there on the left lane that is
strange
do you know where that came from yeah
now correct me OK this is bro science
but when they were developing it was
that like the the wagons with the horses
is four sword fighting right yeah four
horses in sword fight yes
you got it yeah that's why you swing a
sword with your right arm you want your
right arm to be facing your opponent so
you wanna be yeah you don't want the
dude to be over here on this side
doesn't make sense here's a little
loophole like if you want a dope-ass
like a rare car you can get one with
driving on the right and it's gonna be
cheaper so if you want like a Ferrari
f12 TDF like a limited one you can save
money if you get one that's set up on
the right because on the right like a
English copy yeah cuz they're harder to
resell because there's less less people
throw them away
come on because on the right who gives
you stillness right out can they switch
it out be expensive legislate on the
other side franchise what are they gonna
do switch it out they'd have to change
everything that's a nightmare I saw they
did that to this ravallo G car this 1965
Mustang they built one that was on the
right-hand drive and looking out on what
this is also screwy like why would they
do why would people not come to an
agreement on which side of the road to
drive on it's very strange they just
stick with it yeah and it's difference
differs from like in Europe it differs
from country to country yeah it's almost
an ego thing now right where they're
like nah fuck it refused to change ah
most of the world's on the left though
man
don't care yeah well Germany makes the
best cars or some of the best cars or
sure they're on the Left Europe makes
the best cars and they're on the left
right yeah America makes some pretty
good cars but really the reality is they
can't go toe to toe with Europe they
just can't
dude I was uh I was at this private car
dealer and there's those Pagani's mm-hmm
have you ever seen those that's like a
million dollar car right you know some
of them are you know you're looking six
seven million dollar ghani's there's
Bugattis that that the rear brand-new
Bugatti and then there's all these
limited edition Ferraris and
Lamborghinis and he goes oh Floyd bought
that one you can sit in tow he won't
kill us in it and there's all like
carbon-fiber now how much is it and
whatever the new Bugatti is but there's
a markup on them cuz we're like 20 of
them where the fuck it is and it was so
expensive I got nervous on it I'm good
man he's you know it no I don't feel
comfortable I'm good I just didn't feel
comfortable open this thing I don't know
I felt zero million dollars so yeah is
it you could buy a car that's worth more
than most people's houses ninety-nine
percent of the world's houses yeah 99.9
percent of world time yeah just working
that thing around yeah and you just
driving around this thing that you can't
sleep in and then a toilet you can't do
shit and shower try fastest shit drive
faster shit
25 G's just change the tires though is
it really yeah every year that's what
you're driving it is it right here
sorry to see how it's hurting fun
scratching go back to the beginning of
that video look at the underside of the
things jack and that's all carbon fiber
so he scratched the fuck out of it man
yeah well those cars they scratch every
time you hit a bump every time you go
over curbs and that's just Jamie that's
I mean that's when I have my little red
car the little red Porsche every time I
leave the comic store it's scrape it's
embarrassing it's annoying and it's so
sad sad I did mine another desk taking
my dad to get ice cream I hit the front
of my car ruin my night because we want
to give a fuck damn I'm so disappointed
so sad I know it's just a car though
right it is just a car it's the problem
nice things that become a little velvet
prisons but you got to drive them like
the dealer I was talking to where all
these freaking dudes buy these million
dollar cars he's like you know what
bothers me is they don't drive them
don't drive them it's for them it's
investment and then they flip in years
from now because we want people that
drive the cars and now what Ferraris
doing like if you want to Enzo you want
a certain like limited run TDF or the
pizza if you want some of those real
limited edition ones they look at your
history because you have to own like the
past ten Ferraris nice yeah they have a
weird cricket I want to get a special
limited edition but they now they check
if you've driven it if you're just a
collector they don't sell them to you
anymore oh my god certain ones they go
back and look at your history on all the
old Ferraris to qualify to buy a Ferrari
certain Ferrari certain to get on that
acylation like on the list less so if
you want to if you want like the new
whatever the superfast the limited PDF
they're gonna do yeah you have to own
all the v12 and certain ones before that
that is hilarious because that just
shows you how goofy people are like they
they know that people are goofy and they
know that all you have to do is like
sneak in on them some sort of exclusive
thing that nobody else can have so when
you roll up on it you look like a champ
and no one else does
yeah even if it sucks even if it's a
sucky car no I like it though because
some let's say some billionaire rich
billionaire who his daddy gave him all
his money he can't roll in the front
like I'll take that that's kind of cool
yeah now it's a little extreme with the
10 and gotta own all the b12 yeah
but what do you mean that they can suck
it you don't like it now it's because
you can't what you probably use though
that's the thing you just bite you yeah
all right cool dude yeah fucks gonna buy
it now just get it from him you're not
gonna stop it
it's like illegal streaming you guys are
just dumb business people how about you
make more cars stupid well no you don't
know you don't become tesslar Prius how
could they so how much can they sell how
many are they leaving on the table think
about that what I think they care right
how many people how many people are
buying Ferraris let's just take a guess
let's just say worldwide a hundred
thousand people are buying Ferraris
maybe would be two hundred thousand
maybe if they just stopped being
quantities to be two hundred thousand
Ferraris out there instead of a hundred
thousand I don't think they want that
dough
a favor we can have it you don't want it
right that's just weird man but girls
are that way with purses you ever talk
to girls about certain verses sure so
you get weird about purses it's so hard
to get that purse like that with shoes
though shoes that purse is just kind of
like that when you're knocking it but
you're kind of like that am I like with
your custom cars like one of the reasons
that make it really cool is you're not
gonna see that custom car anywhere else
that is specifically designed by you
that's true but that's not why I like it
well I like it is because you could get
something that you can't get anywhere
else
I mean as far as performance like like
when I get the like a shark Works car
like the white car that car you can't
you can't just get that car
it's a six-speed manual they don't make
six-speed manual gt3 RS s anymore it has
a 518 horsepower engine you can get that
they board it out they put fat or tires
in it they beefed up the suspension they
changed everything for sure like you're
lost right yeah okay it's pretty custom
can't buy those can't buy them right but
honestly I'm for Joe that car is like
that's a cool-looking car yeah yeah it
is but if you got to drive that every
day you probably your fucking brains out
unless you're one of those renegade
dudes let's just like Lorenzo Lamas back
in the day wore cowboy boots dust in his
hair I feel like that every day at the
end of 2017 the total of Ferrari built
and sold cars in the whole company
history is a hundred nine nine thousand
so two hundred thousand ever you said
two hundred thousand the year but your
clothes wow I was way off that's Joe
that's why it's so hard to get one yes
yeah it's kind of cool yeah look it is
definitely cool that's it's a cool car I
mean this is a reason why people want
them
they don't want shitty cars no they're
good car I wouldn't mind they do theirs
I think it's a four or maybe thumb I
don't know if it's a four eight but they
did make that in manual what is so
expensive what I like about like custom
cars is that they're mechanical like
when I talk about like muscle cars or
Porsches or stuff like that what I like
is that they're mechanical yeah like
they're all stick shifts the manual
transmissions feel the gears and you
feel the burn
I like that I love that yeah that's I'm
into that for whatever reason but I'm
also into that fucking Tesla that
Tesla's got me hooked yeah for sure
thing puts a smile on my face I know you
does it really oh my god more so than
when your Porsches nope yeah
not more shits gonna walk a different
smile different smiles yeah it's like
wow the future is weird yeah
because it's just it doesn't make you so
much more capable no no no no it's not
ferocious and no in Ferraris ferocious
Wow that noise the engine explosions
behind your ear mid-engine car that's a
different thing a muscle car that Rumble
the fucking big-ass v8 and fat tailpipes
that's a different feel you know
completely different yeah what you get
from a Tesla is like wow every other car
just seems stupid it's like you're just
making a lot of noise but it just this
thing just goes quicker it goes places
it's like what the Tesla does it
violates what you think the laws of
driving are in terms of like how quicker
car can get from there to there and it
does it with no sound but there's no
torque or anything right thousand
foot-pounds of toys in just like it's a
video game throws you back like the
craziest roller coaster you've ever been
in yeah it goes 0 to 60 in 2.4 seconds
you have the little Chris one yeah
that's all I always leave it on
ludicrous yeah I never why would I yeah
I don't drive it you have to drive it
like an ass all but when you want to
it's right there it's is it using up
more of the oh yeah if you want to drive
what do they say kids 317 miles my wife
likes like Grandma drive ya know like
daddy drives it gets like 170 like make
it 170 the way I Drive they were saying
that out people applying for driver
license especially kids like our kids I
don't know if they'd even be into cars
they just talked to my dad I went how
cool is it like tigers it has all he's
been all these cool cars
hopefully he's into cars when he gets
older and my dad's like yeah maybe if he
even wants a driver license is now it's
solo of kids passing their driving
license test because they just uber
everywhere morons like it why what why
do I pay for a car I'm sure it was a
great thing that you don't have to think
about like that that does
helped a lot like you don't think about
drunk being drunk driving drunk you know
going to someone's house after the bar
it's cool to an option but it's not cool
that kids there's something there's some
freedom about driving like it there's a
good feeling there is it there's also
the problem with things like uber is
you're gonna get into a car with a
person that you don't know and I'm sure
most of them are great
I'm sure but every now and then you're
gonna get into a car with someone who's
fucking nuts and they're gonna have some
crazy political podcast on want to talk
to you about Hillary Clinton's emails
there's an option now you know that you
can click to they don't talk to you do
you want to talk no that's a new option
they're doing I don't have to abide by
it I don't think it's like a preference
the writer like hey by the way as I get
in your car I really would prefer you
don't talk to me but the driver is like
you're in my car fuck yeah but most
drivers you might click don't talk if
he's like hey I'd like did you did you
see that don't talk er yeah move is hey
you got you have music up they can turn
it up then they usually don't talk mmm
but there has been a thing to your point
where there's been people you know
faking like do bird drives putting the
sign on and murdering women there's that
yeah there has been that I heard about
that recently do like I've been in this
and I've been having terrible dreams I
didn't get off of it or just figure out
how to deal manage it better but I was
doing a show on Sirius with Jim Norton
and he brought in this the guy who
basically created mine hunter he was
this like he's interviewed all the
serial killers and speaks to him and
they brought him in I think his name's
John Douglas they brought him in he's
just talking it was fascinating let's go
shit so I got his book almost finished
his book I'm like this is great man and
then start listening to a podcast he's
on it's just about like murder and death
and I started looking up all this
Charles Manson stuff that I've been
having
awful nightmares and been a little
depressed and you know me I'm it's very
rare I'm down it's just a dark fucking
world man yeah you'd watch those true
crime shows oh fuck your head aha dude
it makes you scared everything but it's
also going on it's going on in very
small numbers very very small numbers
but it is going on what it is is people
that have been abused people have been
fucked up Psychopaths and people that
have been through the correction system
through the penal system
yeah that's a lot of it's so dark men
he's not that many of them and this this
guy has three daughters that's like how
can I keep staring about this seven-year
old terrible story and I was like how
can you go home man and sleep he's like
eventually you know it's just a job like
it does affect me a little bit I'm like
do you just lock up your kids like I'd
be like just from here knew I I don't my
son going to school I don't leave it you
think now you learn to manage it and he
did say that he's like that this is the
exception like there's some dark stuff
out there but these gentlemen I
interview Charles Manson you've seen how
he's five too and he always has to speak
over you no matter what's going on so
they're in this room there's three
people and Charles Manson he got on a
chair and stood over and shouted down to
him what is he saying
find a parent convert him into me man he
people made me eat your garbage Man Man
Man I'm product of your society man he's
fucking crazy he was crazy he has a
quote that's reading again I'm too into
it man I'm quoting Charles mance and
what's going on in my life um he was
saying that uh it used to be like you
were the exception when you're crazy now
everybody's crazy that's what man smoke
yeah hmm he's like used to be kind of
cool then thing to be crazy now inside
everybody's crazy well he made it
popular to fuck do you know how popular
that fucking crazy serial killer is and
all his followers oh my god even to this
day like I was reading this article in
Rolling Stones how many books and even
merch and to Dubai locks of his hair is
50 grams going for 50 grand by locks of
his hair and how he sells merch that's
15 grams locks of his hair yeah how much
is a lock like what does that mean what
does that get you I don't know well you
could but I lost out on the bid cut a
lock in half I'm saying to say how much
oh let's split it put it in here say how
many hairs piece though what if he
shaves his balls and you give like a
saran wrap baggy of his pubes
how much does out 100 G's piece of his
probably dick piece under jeez dude
Charles Manson dick piece he was married
when he died some the crazy bitches fine
serial killers in jail and marry them
happen with Richard Ramirez The Night
Stalker there's just a factual thing too
and night
yeah they some women want to be around
killers and even in particular guys have
killed women how crazy is that it's very
crazy can you imagine when your
daughters when their let's say 22
marries a serial core in prison at least
you know she's not gonna die but safe
look there's people out there I'll have
to tell you I do a fucking terrible job
of raising their kids you know it's one
of the reasons why people like you
people like many people to get into
being a parent that really enjoy it when
you see something like that it's even
more disturbing because you know that
when you see a serial killer or
someone's fucked up that person was a
baby that had a terrible life as always
they just got a shitty roll the dice
they got bad parents usually the moms
it's a relationship with the moms that
fuck them up not so much the father's
usually them it's a mother-son
relationship really yeah usually always
mother-son and that's what usually
causes the holes white Norman Bates from
psycho so so dead on right yep he's
dealing with his mom his mom
yeah and he's the one who literally he's
Jeffrey Dahmer Charles Manson it when
there's something got like he was
talking about Jon Benet which you know
I'm from Denver when school and Boulder
that was the Jon Benet Ramsey murder
case was such a big deal yeah and he
still can't sell that they can't they
can't sell it no I had a buddy my
strength coach doc crease rented it I
was like a fucking ghost and moved in
there like right after the murders
anyway so I handle it freak out
now he's cool he's from Louisiana like
real tough dude didn't give a fuck you
know they must in a chromosome down
there yeah you'd be pretty crazy to move
in there even it was a great deal and
it's a great spot it was for sale four
years four years I think you might have
knocked it down they should I drop to
the OJ Simpson should knock it down they
should take out all the dirt and replace
it with new dirt yeah the shysters doing
everything just knock it down and dig a
hole all the way to hell whatever the
fuck dirt was there so dirty man but
that dude he was just talking talking
and it was fascinating I didn't say a
word and then went up to Jon Benet I'm
like who I'm gonna chime in here cuz I
know this case and I know it well and
she asked him a question there was like
my time to jump in I go yeah but
yeah I was probably the parents right or
maybe the son and he has to acknowledge
me this entire interview I don't know if
Jim remember noted this and he goes what
did you say I was and I could tell I
fucked up I guess it's probably the
parents are the son right he is
absolutely not absolutely not Brendon
and then goes on how ridiculously of an
assumption that is and I go well who
does he think did it uh he was it's not
them he goes the promise is the the
narrative that got painted outside of
that when everything the media was going
crazy and even the putt the boulder
police he goes they were so far off and
he listed like ten reasons why it wasn't
them and I kind of felt like an ad I
went very cool I'll buy the book on
there shut the fuck up now the only
problem was that a handwriting expert
had connected the mother's handwriting
to the ransom note you get him on this
podcast be fucking fascinating doing
promotion right now me I have no idea
who killed John Johnny Douglas this guy
you remember I don't think he knows no
no he knows it he can tell you from his
seventy years of experience dealing with
murders it's not the parents but he had
like evidence why it was it I said the
same things right I'm balls deep and
JonBenet I grew up around it it was like
such a culture phenomena did he say who
he thinks of it yeah he did I forget but
it's not the someone who's alive I don't
know you gotta have a marker it was so
fast I'm telling you I've listened a
shitload of Scioscia's and I was so into
this man I didn't promote my special I
was their problem i special I didn't say
a word
yeah I made one stupid calm about
JonBenet's family and then he was like
shut the fuck up those fucking shows are
very compelling then why I'm sure what
do you think why are we well like why am
i drawn to em i fucked up then why am i
drawn to the serial killers you are
fucked up you're just like everybody
else because I Charles Manson's pubes on
eBay how much you pay 70 G's 70 G put
his pubes they plucked him out so it has
some DNA in them do you could recreate
Charles Manson what is it Charles
Manson's hair $2,400
bag of hair off the head of Charles
Manson was obtained July 2016 from an
associate of Charles Manson
oh no that's Leo May
we'll be a certificate of authenticity
will be included upon purchase by the
way do you know there are no
certificates of authenticity when you
come to Charles Manson's hair it's not
like there's an accrediting body who's
like it's like okay we go over every
aspect purchase that's its weak demand
you want that 1970s hair straight you
don't want the two dated you want to be
there when he cuts it off really yeah
you want to film him cutting it off and
then you want to vacuum seal it and sign
it and film the whole thing you put it
in one of them fucking vacuum bags and
sell and then seal it yeah that way no
one's touched it chops right off his
hair you got video footage of it you got
video footage of him authorized or
autographing the bag the fuck is wrong
with us why are we talking about this
it's fascinating to me did you watch the
game of Thrones finale did you get
bummed out yeah you know what not
somebody else wrote I think they did
yeah it's very strange I thought they
did I love I did like season eight not
as good the other seasons haleyss whose
fucking get everybody know right now
spoiler alert hold up what is today
Thursday yeah yeah but some people it's
Sunday some people jobs sunday people
work all day for days some people were
called read the New York Times like put
it on the front page of the paper I'm
unclear bro yeah but they did that
because they can do that not because
they should do this the next days it'll
well I think I think I think movies is
you got a week movies you got a week on
TV show two days damn especially for
that what are we not supposed to talk
about it cuz you're busy that's insane
did you like actor witness no I didn't
other satisfied I'd left unsatisfied
when they made
spoil or homeboy the King I was like
what in the fuck are you talking about
he didn't want it the whole fucking
scene a sudden everybody's fighting to
the death over who's the king they're
ready ready to stab their brother kill
their mom
they'll kill anybody they'll betray
lovers but now this guy's like alright
I'll take it you should be the king
they're like okay like that was great
and how about that one guy that just
stood up and is like maybe I could be
the king they like sit down I said
citizens just Sopranos like what do you
what are you doing which means this guy
Bobby Lee has that guy Bobby Lee had the
greatest I thought
good ending so he says when everyone
goes you know when the decided to be the
king and then homeboy who's crippled is
like I'll do it and then when they were
wheeling my way
he just looks over and he has the
fucking white Walker I that would were
and then it closes you know what should
happen that's Bobby Lee's idea Jon Snow
should have fought to the death with
that dude who has no dick yeah I want to
see that she's good to the death they
hated each other they hate each other
how about that dude psych yeah just like
yeah she killed my girl CEO big deal
just you get on the boat yeah there's no
way they should have fought to the death
did you like episode 3 I tell you what I
like though like when the one that the
Hound knocked the mountain off of the
fire that was dope that was no it just I
was a fire they died I was a dope scene
my shit was dope the best scene in the
whole fucking series though was when you
know the bed's best scene in the whole
fucking series when when she was telling
that dude that he betrayed her and then
from the darkness the Dragons face
appears and you're like oh Jesus this is
where I was a powerful scene those
dragons are so fuck so scary
I'm so happy there's people out there
that do special effects like that that
shit was dope cuz he used to be kind of
like samurai corny like super corny you
remember was that movie there was a good
dragon movie with Matthew McConaughey
back when Matthew McConaughey was jacked
up in the show homeboy from Australia
was in a to Batman fucks his name ah
fuck what's his name Christian
berenstain bears two barrels in a
chicken fire
what does it call rain of fire yeah the
dragons in there were corny compared to
the kings of Thrones be believe me see
let me see a video that public obviously
we can't show it on the podcast or we'll
get arrested and castrate joe carnahan
was just talking about this bro this
fucking movie was not a bad movie it was
a little corny but for a dummy like me
who really likes dragons it was great
stuff it was an interesting movie but
the Dragons
it's just crazy how much because I want
to say this was probably 2004 I might
correct for that too - then - I was
pretty close yeah pretty close
you've been on but the difference
between what the Dragons looked like
seventeen years later in terms
flex payments even dinosaurs from dress
park one to dress park world yeah like
look at them they look not showing you
much that's that's a dragon's vision
though it's kind of gay oh why is it
dragon's vision homosexual I'd wish to
see when I said why did I say that
because you're a man why is it and we've
been doing our whole lives
I know why relearn it I know we got to
reprogram our brains dude how about with
Charlemagne ah I said bitch I went now
that bitch is hot and he goes he goes in
2019 you're still calling women bitches
I went no but you weren't but yes yeah
but what if he said that might get a
good point um sometimes I do it on
accent like when we're watching fight
wanna do a fight campaign right right
and that bitch is top but you know it's
all here's the thing man context yes
don't make more words toxic it's all
about intent like what are you trying to
say
like if if a girl is a beast and she's
just a badass woman and she walks out
and she's got I'm good and she's got
like this crazy tight skirt on his
bangin body that she's worked hard out
in the gym and she's got a beautiful
dress and she looks great like damn that
bitch is hot that is not negative it's
not negative is it derogatory though but
does it no but it's not negative if you
go you fucking silly bitch to me I'll
laugh on the floor I'll start laughing
like you can call me a bitch and I think
it's funny yeah but if you like hey man
you know you know fuction made fun of me
on the podcast bro that was a bitch move
I'm like hey whoa whoa whoa
but it's the same thing is like when I
car drives by black guy motherfuckers
bad yeah but if the guy roll down as
well as a que motherfucker right
different yeah it's intense
the problem is when you have a word you
can't say the word has too much goddamn
power it's not that you should say the
word like don't get me wrong
like there's certain words you probably
shouldn't say because we've all agreed
that those words have a negative impact
the f-word probably right AG that's
probably one we stay away free fall
agreed yeah we've all agreed it has a
negative impact on people but the real
problem is intent
the real problem is homophobic behavior
and that in the or homophobic thinkin
homophobic ideology thought process is
thinking the gay people are bad thinking
there's anything wrong with being gay
that's the real problem if there was no
problem with that at all
I just feel like I feel like it's not
the right move to make words the problem
the problem is the way people think and
behave and I think ultimately this is a
real problem with language itself
because I think language is too limited
I think we're when you have magic words
you can't say and they have all this
extra power connected to gives them
power Lenny Bruce talked about that in
the 60s he had a great bit about that
about saying all these words because you
could take away the meaning of him and
it won't hurt anybody's feelings anymore
but don't you think if let's say you are
a homosexual and gay is like that's what
yeah I referred you as gay is such a
negative connotation cuz growing up gay
meant like not good mm-hmm
so I'm like God you look gay dude yeah
that cars gay right right right yeah
that's a problem showing great and the
problem is it's such a good sound for
that thought fun word the same thing is
like calling someone a faggot you faggot
like that word like when you say it like
that even if it's your friend like your
best friend
it's got that sighs what make us laugh
cuz it sounds good it's got a pop to it
with that it starts with a fuck you it
starts with an F it's yeah has zero to
do with being gay but you can't say it
anymore no it's a people's feelings like
when Mike Tyson goes I'm gonna fuck you
till you love me faggot right right
right
they make sense yeah you're a fucker guy
and call him a faggot that was but
you're fucking hit you're trying to fuck
him who was the fucking reporter he was
young because that guy is that guy did
he vanish off the face of the earth
after that and I'd like to know was that
kind of us I was ringside when da wall
door knocked out Brazil I was all that
with my brother bro dude bro dude that
guy it's a and I've been a lot of been
in fights I've been knocked out I've
been at UFC fights where dudes get
knocked out I have never in my life
heard someone getting knocked out like
that my brother goes oh my god
braw do this oh my god and where they
satisfy his family mmm and it ruined it
for me
because you can't cheer I saw the wife I
just I just went oh my god
I didn't cheer I wouldn't cheer anyway
but I was just like oh my god
and this is the funniest part is my boy
rabbit to Brian Brian daily at Showtime
just so in between rounds probably two
and three Jim Gray is gonna come an
interview about your Showtime special
you I'll be cool they tell me the day
before so you get this nice outfit my
brother's work did you really think he
was gonna get to go under for I didn't
think one round but I thought there was
a chance they sent me there
Jim gay he's gonna come then do so Irish
pride get out of here huh thank you John
dude I'm telling you man he sounds so
special man yeah he's such a good dude
you've never had a hurry on he was
amazing
he's great he had a great time how
passion is he's a sweetheart
he was like a really nice guy that was
my problem with him going oh I want to
murder this guy I want to kill this guy
I don't want exercise my right oh my god
I expect that from these for like a
better term these animals these guys
want at your level but he's such a good
person I'm like God dude don't do that
because they can paint you into that box
I believe that's gonna just go away but
it's gone that's gone it's gone his
performance is so spectacular I think it
goes away
but I think it's also that was his
legitimate mindset at that time you know
I mean that guy if you listen to my
podcast when I interviewed him talked
about how he got into boxing because of
his daughter you stood on yours as well
talk about that yeah that's a special
person man I mean he became a bronze
medalist in the Olympics after a year
and a half of boxing that's insane
especially that's insane man you got to
imagine he was bog if he was in a year
and a half of boxing and he's entering
Olympics he's gonna be having matches
against guys who have 10 years
experience easing hundreds of fights 101
fights
yeah hundreds and he's got like
virtually no experience and he's not
like the slickest guy in the world
either so he has to be able to take a
shot but he's got two giant advantages
huge reach and ridiculous power and
I felt lettuce isn't because yeah and I
think because of the fact that he's not
a big heavyweight I don't think it's as
tired as they do I agree
thank you see I mean this might have the
heaviest he's ever been he came in at
223 and what did he know I went that's
interesting cuz usually - 14 - 13 - he
punches so hard man he's the scariest
heavyweight knockout artist since Mike
Tyson 100% when he was walking are you
great when he's walking I looked at my
brother I went I went you know how you
feel right now you goosebumps I went
imagine being on Mike Tyson fighting in
his prime how that fucking crowd must
have felt yeah because when he was
walking out I felt so bad for Brazil cuz
I'm like we're Nexus family I'm like
he's such an underdog he's gonna get
knocked out
we're ceiling I think we're gonna see
that with Deontay Wilder I think Deontay
Wilder Zanu Mike Tyson 100% I think he's
the new Mike it's not hard you know
what's instrument everyone gives me shit
like you're such a Hummer so you work
for Showtime no no here's the thing
about that Joe what people don't realize
is Deonte while his fights are on
Showtime he's an independent contractor
he doesn't have a promoter
he's his team you know the soda zone
offered him hundreds of millions of
dollars same as they offered Joshua and
Cannell he turned it down
damn you know why because he wants he
wants to fight Joshua's fight fury goes
well if I'm with them that's gonna limit
me fight inferior Joshua if I'm
independent I can fight Joshua I can
fight Wilder if I was a Wilder I'd be
terrified right now why do you think
they I mean not Wilder rather a fury
Joshua or fewer I'd be terrified of that
my that mindset easier fights yeah but
he's the scariest fight of all time in
the fucking 12th round when he cracks
Tyson Furion drops him like that like in
the 12th round he still has this
ridiculous power and he's only getting
better but I think what happens is him
it's more likely especially looking at
the way promoters work you didn't get
Joshua verse Wilder before you get fury
oh I think so oh yeah I'm fine I want
all three of them I do thank these fucks
oh it these fucks its context remember
these fucks
oh it to boxing yes to the like see a
box and a fight each other well it's one
of those rare moments in the heavyweight
division where you have three
unbelievably compelling guys and then
one of them was a former champion who
by the way the last fight was a draw and
I thought he shouldn't want a decision
so if you look at it
but I agree with the results until this
is what's real squirrely creech because
the way Wilder heard him dropped him and
then knocked him down and almost had him
flatlined in the 12th and if you go over
the actual count the actual 10 count
from 1 to 10 from the time he dropped
which is not what Tyson series jobs is
Tyson fairies jobs get up in the referee
says 9 and he did that he did that but
if you go by an actual client having a
12 in it yeah you go buy an actual clock
about 11 times yeah it's high sin fury
lost that 10 count but fear of beauty
one of the rounds yes sir he one more
round
hands down yep oxen yeah right that
count was longer than 10 yeah he not he
should have if you were just going by 10
seconds Deontay Wilder has a real
argument that she should have won by
knockout
here's the thing that's why I like the
draw yes that's why the draws are
fantastic her cool
run it back let's get a clear winner
yeah and then Joshua who's this animal
out there who's just this fucking he's
so damn good he's like honestly though
what the fuck is a 10 count for if it's
not 10 seconds why is the referee human
Eric count human error there should be
in every fucking corner every corner
wherever the fight is there should be a
clock and then when someone goes down
someone else not the referee hits that
button the second one oh you can really
do three four five six could you go one
two three four yeah five yeah but he
goes wow god he's jacked up with
adrenaline there's a huge knock out the
crowd I want a guy to get up you might
want to gotta get up you might want to
help but he may take extra time to rub
the gloves on his chest rat ask him a
couple questions okay walk towards me
walk towards me
what's today's date you could do all
that shit you could give him a little
bit of a break do you like the hoot
human air part like same with baseball
like the amps they fuck up no all the
time to the greatest of the greats like
Herb Dean and John McCarthy have they
made mistakes you it is impossible fuck
up Herb Dean is the goddamn gold
standard he's the best of the best of
people workers day and he will
occasionally say that he made an error
yeah hazing amazing fucking people make
mistakes they're human beings and I
think is that John no bro their job is
so I fuck up all the time when I do
commentary and their job is so much
harder than mine so much harder all I'm
doing is talking while the fights going
on but they're they're deciding if the
fight ends I disagree but you're the
voice sounds like a mattis's bro it's
not that hard to watch another
organization go watch another or when
you're not working since it not be
different I'm not being humble I'm just
telling you something that Hardy brother
I'm telling you it's a tough fucking gig
don't watch another fight go go watch go
watch two zone when Canelo fought it was
so bad it was comical who was doing the
commentary not sure does it matter
good it was so bad it ruined the fight
that kind of is so bad it was
entertained well they were so Pro Canelo
and they just weren't it wasn't
professionally done you know who I'd
like that is in a world of shit right
now you get you talking MMA or boxing
who Paulie Malignaggi was asked why does
he spit on people what's he doing dude
he's a great commentator man I mean the
best play he's the best well I think my
number one favorite why here's here's my
three top that I get excited when
they're doing same as mine Roy Jones jr.
Andre Ward and Paulie Malignaggi I think
it's Andre and Paulie
they're both you can switch other
reasons why I like Roy Mike was Roy
niced
yeah that's okay though this is why when
he was at his best he was the
motherfucker of all motherfuckers
he was like Floyd Mayweather but he was
knocking people dead he was putting his
hands behind his back and not just
people out he was doing shit that no one
could do he was fucking people up Roy
Jones jr. went on a streak for a long
time where he was he had this freak
athleticism in this he didn't even throw
jabs half the time you finish oh my god
so sorry about him
well you know when Glen Johnson K Odom
when magic man kod him with that but
that was but he had this run of
greatness that we should appreciate like
like when I think of Anderson Silva I
don't think of him bitching out cuz
got kicked against Conair no I think a
vanished Silva in front he can beat
doorbell for front kick and fucking you
know all these guys like of course I
think of that yeah so it's weird with
Roy well because he's current like he
just got knocked down Russia like six
days ago or whatever did he really
no but you recently got knocked down
Russia but I thought he won his last
fight I think one is laughs I know it's
going to be his last well hopefully see
I don't know yeah
paulie's amazing though but Paulie
when he when he was gonna fight that
bare-knuckle I went a little bit of rent
on my me and Paulie are close man I went
on a rant how saying I don't think he
should do it and it I feel like he's
punching down he's one of the best
commentators here's a job so many people
want then of course me and probably work
together so we're breaking down the
wilder Brazil fight in New York and
there was this weird apology in the air
of this there I felt like there's this
weird kind of well of course I mean
you're telling him not to do something
that he's definitely gonna do yeah I
know
so you're resisting his idea look but if
I was doing something you don't want me
to do if you're doing something right
and we have an open conversation there's
no weirdness like I can't we talked
about if Paulie went up to him is like
dude I'm doing it so not this fuck out
didn't hopefully I get McGregor out and
also I'm just kind of bored with my life
man this could be fun for me I went oh
cool man I support you there's no I'm
not shaming him I agree with you I'm
glad I feel where you're coming from and
I agree that I would want you to tell me
if you thought it was fucking out but it
was a bad idea but I think that with a
guy like him you know this is you know I
don't know
what kind of options he has nobody's
beating down his door to fight him you
know that I know that Connor didn't want
to fight him he wasn't interested in
that and I don't know other what other
options he's got for boxing but also so
but then that's why he's not the
greatest analyst in the game but he if
he's gonna fight a bare-knuckle boxing
fight like this got it he there's got to
be a financial motive for that that's I
would hope now the only thing that makes
sense is that that's a financial motive
but listen Showtime pays him you know
Showtime pays him well do they what yeah
man yeah so it's like to do that you
know you look at the payday like our
tomato I think fifty thousand for the
last fight so let's so say they pay him
triple let's say payment quadruple let's
say he's made what is that fucking two
hundred fifty thousand dollars it's not
enough to do a bare-knuckle fight when
you're making six figures um you know
you could get your face fucked up too
that's the reality those knuckles man
I'm changing my tune a little bit but
not all the one you got a little pin Joe
a little bit but here's the thing like
you you do get caught up more in
bare-knuckle boxing but you're also not
kicking or using takedowns or anything
else in bare-knuckle boxing I think it'd
be way more brutal if there's takedown
and kicks
because with maybe I don't think the
best guy wins also in bare-knuckle
because you know Paulie has way more
fighting experience than Artem right so
he's got more scar tissue so if there's
a guy with a ton of scar tissue your
face opens up like a it looks like a
murder scene thinking Charles Manson
murder scene because of the knuckles
yeah that's cut so he may you might land
seven shots to his - but your face is
fucked up instantly nothing cuts you
about more than elbows and elbows are
100% legal in the UFC and the the
scariest unless his ground and pound mmm
yeah like state where like I can't like
John can well she does that
how about Johnny Walker Johnny walkers
got nasty really good fuck yes he really
heard heard from at all right I think he
recovered like whatever was wrong with
his shoulder recovered but the reality
is if you're if you hurt yourself so bad
that you can't move your arm afterwards
just coming from someone who's had some
shoulder injuries that to me is like you
got some damage in there you know why
else it's alarming because when he did
it his adrenaline was so high usually
you can go through some shit if you got
hurt bad enough where your Adrenaline's
yeah I mean you're you just want a huge
fight you're doing the worm yeah after a
victory and you can feel the pain that's
when I I'll fuck there's there's
probably damage there yeah cuz you're
selling so high it numbs every just
imagine if that one's up defining his
career I hope to develop shoulder
problems I hope not all right over
clovers had some serious shoulder
problems ever since the John fight it's
not so 70 years old how dare you he's
been fighting in Brazil since he was
three
but when John grabbed his arm and yanked
it back when Glover was the top
contender remember yeah got him in that
over hook and ripped his fucking arm up
my bro that was I never saw anybody do
that before I was like that's genius
that's a really smart thing because that
you're fucking super vulnerable in that
position no one really thinks of
Americans graphing us yup just yanked it
shoulder ons the goat has to go he's
eager lows well he it's him and the best
expression in terms of like
what I've seen in the Octagon is Mighty
Mouse but he just didn't fight the flow
of competition except for pseudo we're
finding out so who knows the fucking man
so it and my team s you know I love
fucking my mouth a hymn or giant can do
one or two the problem with him being
number one is that that weight class the
the margin of error is way higher so if
I go if Isaac left when I should Zeke
right right I'm not getting knocked down
I can learn from go back if John zigs
left one should win it right by Glover
he's gonna knock the fuck out maybe the
margins are so small John can take a
shot but if it's Rumble Johnson he's
getting knocked out
maybe yeah we don't know sounds that
good but though she was Mighty Mouse so
when he beats her who - right soon at
seven fights the first time and smoked
them so who gains experience then he
beats them mm-hmm yep
so that takes the pound-for-pound that
takes a little off of Mighty Mouse but I
think he's Julian when pseudo beat him
it's so tough to town yeah it's tough
it's fucking listen if they would give
to Mighty Mouse owned a bit matter I
would've been married you how about your
boy sage Northcutt yeah Cosmo Cosmo
killed a guy he's a beast the stage is
still in the hospital seventeen
fractures in his face yeah I know he's
still not what you killed a guy Hobbs
you know Sergey Kovalev did yeah I know
Kovalev killed a guy in a fight um Cosmo
Alexander is a world-class Muay Thai
fighter I mean John Wayne Parr fought
him you know he fought Nicky hold skin
he's world class as far as striking it's
a completely different level but I guess
because it was an MMA fight he was
willing to take it but they say foot
they fought stand up for man and sage
took that karate stance and the dude
circled off to his right and landed that
fucking right hand and it was on the
possess the hardest right hand I've ever
seen I was can you imagine
just up from a world-class striker with
the four ounce gloves on and he's
circling in to the right yeah and it's
like a fucking bomb it's pretty goddamn
strong and cosmos a beast of a man you
mean he's a big thick dude see I mean a
big thick dude with multiple world
titles to his name don't you feel bad
watching us - do you feel bad for say
yeah it's a terrible matchup I don't
know why they agreed to let him fight
that guy boo it's just not smart because
that because the the kickboxing the
stand-up like he doesn't have the
experience age is good he's very good
but these these kind of losses are
terrible for a few for his future
because their mismanagement losses in my
opinion I agree I think sage is what 22
like look at that punch the plans I mean
that is ferocious from a world-class
right left full blast to that is a full
blast Circle right you can't you can't
get hit cleaner than that no you came
hip it's be hard to hit a fucking but me
why have you ever seen him when he
fought Nicky holtz-eakin
Cosmo yeah yeah get up class Michigan
fuck fuck ha
there's the levels there's levels but in
MMA Sage's and even rement be they
should be shin Se marine well colleges
though why would why would I bring this
this stud this American stud who looks
like right from Street Fighter and go
hey first fight here's the most
world-class striker we on the roster
well because they want him to be tested
and I think that if I was chatri I would
be looking at it like this when a guy
like Eddie Alvarez gets K out or a guy
like sage Northcutt gets Kayode or a guy
like Mighty Mouse gets tagged and has a
real fight on his hands
then you're showing the whole world like
hey these guys that are coming over here
that are world-class fighters they're
fighting world-class fighters I get
knocked out I get that here another it's
a great single for him I think certain
it certain so with Eddie Alvarez veteran
he should be fight hall-of-famer
Bellator champ UFC champ give him the
best she got he's seen it all right be
tough to get Berlin past him sage
Northcutt my team asked him the best she
got he's seen it all good luck getting
past him sage Northcutt you're investing
in his future he's not ready it's Chris
boring you've kind of fucked them man
well I'm also you try and get in the
American market but cosmos not an MMA
fighter that's the thing
this is cosmos first MMA fight what if
sages takes him down and smashes that
would have been great yeah but I mean
that could have happened to so when
cosmos I say style he's not a grappler
okay but he knows how to grapple sage is
taking guys down in the Octagon before
taking Kozma
easier than said he's strain with me and
Rashad at black ceilings and fuck us up
did he yeah a nightmare
yeah so I saw it for saved I'm like
right well so he's building Cosmo he's
older man well he's only 34 37 is he
three seven has 1,000 kickboxing matches
like you're gonna invest in that now
it's a business aspect doesn't make
sense to I think it does though because
it shows with two giant results over the
last two months that one has world-class
talent there and I think it makes people
pay more attention to one not me it put
me off of him really yeah that's fucked
up no see listen man i'ma say no is a
fucking Muay Thai fighter
I mean that's his bread and butter he
fights more time stands his bread butter
so when Cosmo goes and fights in an MMA
fight you would think at least in one
area is gonna be at a disadvantage if
State Sage chooses to have a stand-up
fight with a world-class stand-up
fighter that's just bad strategy that
stages game those visor game but he's a
mixed martial arts fighter then he
should become a kickboxer if that's his
game it's just to stand up and strike at
people then just stay a kickboxer
because if you're gonna fight listen man
if you're gonna fight in MMA in MMA you
could do everything what do you want to
do in this fight don't you want to win
okay good I want you to win here's how
you win you don't stand with one of the
best fucking strikers in the world how
old is he
22 saij come on yeah yeah but you just
tell him this is exercise strategy you
you keep that side stance that's fine
bait him in but then shoot just get the
clinch and drag that motherfucker to the
ground let's wear him out I'm with you
which he's never done any fight ever
so put Letty that's taking guys down
before yeah but let's say you serious
manager and they go hey here's Cosmo
hold on let's just let me go through
this with you Sage pros you beat a
straight world-class kickboxer in MMA
he's also 37 years old a lot of pros
cons okay but he's 37 can take him down
he fucking starches you and your face
it's broke in 17 places and your your
career is probably not going well the
trajectory is definitely off the rails
pros cons that's
it's just if you look at the way boxing
has always done it and it's been often
criticized but there's some real good
points to it about developing a fighter
you give her a fighter a difficult fight
that you think that he has the advantage
in but it's an advantage that will teach
him to some things like the phone the
guy fights with them what is this Jamie
cosmos ninth fight was against age oh
he's had a bunch of MMA fights why did
he say that he knocks out everybody he
set it on his um his uh his what the
fuck is Instagram post about he's nobody
doesn't fight MMA he's no fucking on
jello Jesus Christ yeah
starch everyone well championship guys
here you go yeah years I guess oh so oh
you donate cuz he's training with the
best of the best as well bottom line is
as a striker he's superb yeah he's
fucking but then it's more crazy thing
is pull up the Nicki Holtz can fight
Nicky Holtz can knocks out Cosmo
Alexandra that just shows you how many
levels there are to put then Nikki whole
skin just lost to regen ersal just lost
to him got dropped with Annie it's so
interesting man when you see levels upon
levels upon levels and you don't
necessarily know that these levels even
exist
unless your balls deep in the fucking
sport like you see a guy like Nikki
first of all Nikki's like one of the
best body punchers in kickboxing ever
and this is a kickboxing fight as
opposed to a Muay Thai fight as well so
no elbows limited clinching and you can
only hold for like three seconds when
you and throw a knee you can only like
you can only hold while you're like
think one knee at a time or something
that they have weird rules you know
here's the thing the fact that Cosmo
Alexander went toe-to-toe with Nikki
Holton I'm probably up your ass on my
young 22 year old yeah wide-eyed
youngster fighting him Nikki hoes can
had an amazing career in glory to some
fucking incredible son Joseph Volta Levi
were he knocked him out in the last
round yeah he's he's a beast man
super super tech although it's just
tough as shit yeah I mean look at just
the way these guys are standing front
just checking everything technique
perfect perfect instinct perfect defense
oh we dropped him with that left hook
yeah look Holt's getting some a monster
this is by the way a kickboxing fight
whole
Skeen also fought Cosmo Alexander and
knocked him out in one Fc this is uh
this is it's show time in Amsterdam this
is quite a few years ago it's show time
was the shit managed to get it on access
TV back when access TV was HD net you
know that Mark Cuban's fucking that was
dope that MMA live with yes I should go
on there all the time
that's routing yeah and who's the other
guy that bas fruit was on with our boy
Amaro Rinella no no the other guy there
was another guy who was on Kenny rice
Kenny Kenny rice rice yeah that's right
yeah but what's it Morrow on there too
for a long time I don't know was Morrow
on that Morrow was on there ain't great
am I going really crazy Kenny was on
there on there but truck was the best
they used to have all these great
kickboxing matches from like Amsterdam
and shit but you see lesbian now has a
pfl on it they they have pfl it was on
that mmm I've seen at times
the eyes have been on a couple times but
the what the first nine seasons is
hosted by Kenny rice oh and then Morel
came on later yeah Kenny used to fly in
from Kentucky I remember doing just fine
do the show fly back down like for sure
huh yeah well maybe it really likes
Kentucky
they loved it half there what do you
like it about it I have I don't know
Kentucky Derby once a year keep you
there know what it is bourbon I want to
go to the Kentucky Derby too let's just
cross a acid I'm so down for that and
we're gonna wear suits like Dumb and
Dumber sloshed off fucking Bourbon next
year I take acid and go in the Derby
that Buffalo Trace distillery or
whatever that oh yeah
dude I drink whiskey enemy yeah almost
every day now it's happened hitting
there I don't know you getting older get
my get the palate for whiskey really a
lot of stress about cigars do you like
cigars
nope not I think yet I like olives I
used to hate all this love olives now
and whiskey dude I don't know why is
that's hilarious
what whiskey is this I'm not a little
more by the way what's it called again
Jamie
Anton's aliens blends Blanton's it is
delicious
I have no idea it could have been so
anybody could have brought I don't
remember honestly this can't be cheap
just feeling this goblet this grenade
goblet they got this game of thrones
goblet is sick
stewed Solan gave me Johnny Walker white
Walker whiskey shot at night a Feldman
white Walker whiskey bring that shit up
Jane white Walker whiskey limitations in
addition I'm not drinking that
zombie piss the bottles so sick I don't
want people touching it really oh it's a
collector's item ed didn't like
collecting bottles of Game of Thrones oh
my got that shit bro is it sold out damn
Enzo Ferrari what do they want not for
you to have your birthday yeah dude how
dope is that's pretty cool Johnny walk
is a white Walker yeah but what do you
want to be aligned with the biggest
fucking assholes in the realm
come on Johnny Walker I wish they would
have Johnny Walker with the Nazis I wish
they with Johnny Walker Nazi vodka would
you would you buy that no why the fuck
you buying white Walker whiskey that's a
white Walker bourbon or whatever it is
there's a gift bro fuck that he can eat
a white walk can you drive my frame bro
for me are gonna get hammered dad
wouldn't mind stick around
yeah juice some arrows shoot some arrows
getting the flow tank relax my friend
relax
so was there some other good fights that
happened this weekend oh dude how bout
the San Jose versus Kevin Lee um I
didn't see it bro again I was at the
wilder fight I missed that I notice on
just look good and be Kevin Lee needs a
new camp heavenly needs a camp yeah yeah
I think Kevin Lee should go to for us a
hobby that's my advice or Jackson's well
the reason why for us a hobby is because
Kevin Lee skill set is very similar to
Georges st. Pierre striking Leduc very
athletic
impressive and grounding timing of the
takedowns nobody knows how to coach that
better than for our army it's a good
idea yeah it's not bad at all it's all
right thank who don't peek oh just went
to Jackson's yes I think that's a great
move to opine oh yeah I hooked him up
with my boy Vinny Charmin - so I
I told him that I think that he should
go to Frost hobbies and I told him about
Vinnie Sherman who's an incredible
mental coach you know he's gonna be
champ I actually believe that if he gets
a shit together and goes to a legit camp
because you remember his coach passed
away right yeah and the pholis who was
very close to such a shame amazing
amazing guy and so he passed away and
then it was like he was like I'll just
stay here and together this kind of
ragtag group and we'll figure it out at
the the UFC now is it such a high level
to compete with the guys he's competing
with you gotta have a good camp man like
a legit yeah ouch head coach leader it's
no disrespect to any of small camps or
small gyms
no I'm not I'm not trying to be I'm just
saying that an athlete has a small
fucking window man like Kevin is 26
right so he's got 10 years as long as
what's three out of his last four yeah
not good us you don't play with that and
before that he was just a PFA eating
guys in pretty spectacular fashion right
Robert foulest his death had a
tremendous impact on him as a fighter as
a person and then he fought some really
great fighters too on top of that you
know and a like went oh man I mean from
the jump of that fight from the the
get-go and he hit him with that spinning
backfist you let him know like this is
you're in a dogfight I said that Tony
Ferguson fight was a dog fight a dog
fight a dog fight yeah these guys have
dog fights and when the toady ferguson
fight he had a staph infection clear
100% and he looked good 20 pounds was
going down that choked out god is like
fucking a head man look when you have a
you've had staff before right yeah
that's awful and the way it drains your
body drains your body well the staff
does too I mean if you get it - as far
as where it is with him he's in a full
infection he has a full infection so
it's in his bloodstream but the thing
that fucks your cardio and your energy
like no other in the antibiotics fuck
you so they do but so does the staff
especially when it's that bad I mean
he's got a fucking a giant squirrel
growing out of his tit remember that
what they told DC nuts and that's I saw
it immediately he walked through the
Octagon I'm like he's got staph
I got that staph decent I say I go hey
to DC I go is that staff it looks like
staph to me and they go do not talk
about the staff he goes that looks like
staff to me
these he doesn't give a lot of them like
bitchy talking to Daniel Cormier can
help you talk about the guy who knows
staff better anyone that goddamn Elina
got here it's he's a wrestling coach
listen we would be doing a massive
disservice to the viewing public if we
didn't admit that it was staff it's a
fart it's part of the drama it's part of
what makes the fights interesting but my
take on Kevin Lee is he's a great guy I
really I'm gonna have him on again he's
gonna come on against the best he's a
great person I like talking to mark
because I'll put him on the food truck
diary okay he's great I'll text you
about two shots with you what everyone
odd or about it but anyway I visit
there's a defining moment in a fighter's
career when they realize they need to
make changes they're not doing things
the way they should be doing them and
they need to make some change but but I
think one of the reasons why you care
and I care especially with Kevin if it
was somebody else some other guys won't
mention names with Kevin I go well no he
can be chanting he just has to change a
few things here you see this kids
champion the other kind of nice badge to
keep doing what you do
he hundred one hundred percent is the
skills and the mindset he has the full
package he looks good
speaks good dress as well has the skills
sign me up
he's a good person too we're talking you
talk to him he's gonna feel it yeah he's
just gotta make some changes and he
needs a maestro he needs a fucking
conductor
he needs a Greg Jackie's Duke Rufus I'm
Mike Brown at atm
yep yep do that Dustin Poirier on food
diaries and amazing I'm sorry not Mike
Brown that doesn't poor young but he's
thought about Mike Brown how great he is
and this in the diamond pouria and he
started talking about his wife dude I am
balls deep in the chicken waffles eating
the food truck you know stuff and he
starts talking about her and we're
probably thirty minutes in I start again
Terry OTT he starts getting teary eyed
he was just talking about how because I
was telling like just a long journey how
have you not like I can't believe you
didn't stop at some point like you've
been doing since you're 18 having
nothing stopped and he goes I would he
was on say here's I haven't said this
before I would have stopped like I've
thought about retiring and my wife told
me I can't she's like give me these pep
talks and like that's nuts man how long
you been with us oh she drove me on my
first fight my first fight before I got
in the car I get emotional because
before I got the car she told me her me
world champion
dude I got shit I'm like dude you give
me fuckin chills I like well not cuz you
are champ people always in turn champ I
don't care
let's party chain one of the best
fighters on earth pound for pound I'm 45
great yeah top 3 be the best 145 pounder
ever and he's without a doubt one of the
best pound-for-pound fighters in the
world
Dustin beat him yep yeah there's no
doubt about it
so he said he's a champ in some form he
still he has a belt you know you made it
and I told her I said I'm terrible at
this so this is me telling you this by
me deflecting what I should be doing but
you know you're gonna fight kabhi and I
said I don't give a fuck how that fight
goes you've done it brother when you
were 18 you decided to go on this
journey become UFC champion you had all
these dreams your wife how many
sacrifices you guys have a little girl
now and you're there man I said I don't
care if could be beat your ass for five
rounds you've done it dude how crit I
went please didn't want to hear that
though nobody wants to hear I don't care
if could be not only but boy well I'm
telling this you have succeeded mission
accomplished mother yeah mission
accomplished
how crazy that tear mission accomplished
what did he think though probably
doesn't think like that I probably
thinks he's still in the quest I don't
think you can do you think like that do
I think the guys who have that weird
engine in them don't think like that I
never like I've never felt more not to
make it about I've never felt more
pressure my life to come up with new
become a better comic than when I
released my special of course I'm like
oh shit now now the work starts that was
whatever do you have the works don't
ever satisfy with myself more than like
15 20 minutes a week 15 minutes where I
was I couldn't tell you was I've seen 20
minutes a week I'll have a glass of wine
I'll put my feet up I'll kick back and
then that little voice in the back of my
head it's like are you doing everything
you can do get up come on
it's kind of a kind of a demon though is
Joe like I represent like my one of my
dreams was to buy the car that I bought
and I bought it we're in bed my girl
goes how do you feel it exactly the same
like I think what you like material
things they don't matter at all and then
they say we wake up my my I get out with
my son every morning and we always watch
cars on YouTube and she was what the I'm
watching a different car she goes what
the fuck you
like looking in the next car she's like
there's no way I'm like I need I need
goals yes usually about a bottle house I
swear to God the next morning she was
what are you doing truly go looking at
the next house I don't know what to do
no that's not my message to dust it was
enjoy but don't get the thing about
stuff though
as opposed to like goals is like stuff
you could always just keep buying stuff
and making money to buy stuff and then
you find yourself being one of those
people that just does stuff for money
because you want to buy the stuff I've
never done that but there are people
like the out there right you know I've
heard Steve Harvey talk about money like
how much money he wants to make per year
and and someone was making fun of it and
I was thinking well he's in this vibe
where he's trying to get stuff and and
make money and you got to make money to
get stuff and you get sort of in this
game of accumulating more and bigger and
better things for me the most important
thing is the stuff that I put out if
people like it because I do a podcast if
I do a UFC and I suck if I stumble
through something or I make a bad call
or it's not that shit will fuck be up
for days and there's nothing you do
nothing I can do to fix it you know
amber Guinea Ferrari it's like there's
nothing I wouldn't do a damn thing so
the same with a podcast if I do a
podcast that doesn't go well if I do a
set the set doesn't go well or stumble
through a joke all I care about is the
stuff that I do in terms of like agree
like progress
all my progress and that I'll distract
myself with stuff but like just watch
cross like 50 bucks or something I don't
know
yeah I'm done that's a Taser
not 50 it's like 300 bucks maybe you
know I'm saying but it doesn't matter
whether that 500 or 300 bucks or this is
22 grand not a big deal 22 grand
it doesn't matter American money gasps
don't call cash no big deal Rolex
locking
yeah it's talking shit you're just
talking shit like but nobody looks my
point is is it's like that doesn't make
you happy doesn't make you feel any
weight this doesn't make me feel anyway
none of it the more I learned the more I
accumulate these material things it does
nothing that means shit is your friends
and your loved ones and what you're
trying to do with your life Bob Dylan
said it best said they said you know
what's what's success to you he goes not
having to work for assholes and waking
up going to bed doing exactly what I
want yeah boom she already doing I'm
already doing that yeah the only time I
ever felt
I guess somewhat successful I'd really
don't but the only time so I felt a
little successful is when I turned down
a big gig on a major Network to do TV I
went mmm not kind of good man I'm good
doing what I want to do and I own all
this stuff and I don't I don't I'm not
pressed to do it do you imagine what
would be like if you had a boss remember
the shit that you guys were dealing with
it Fox we were telling you to stop
cursing on the fighter and the kid
hilarious just imagine how bad that
advice is think about how many fucking
millions of downloads of the fighter and
the kid have been out there how many
humans on the planet earth have you
could see an overhead map of all the
people on the planet a light went off
every time I dude was listening to fire
in the kid you're like holy fuck it
would freak you out see that number and
that Fox guy was like huh clean it up
wife you know what that guy told me to I
started arguing with them he kind of got
my face went just like you have your
black belt in the Octagon I got my black
belt in TV no it's cool shit God did he
really say that this guy was blackballed
on TV let me tell you he got fired from
Fox but of course you did the dirty
little secret is about all those guys
they don't know what the fuck they're
doing they find talented people
they have no idea if you get if you get
fucking max Keller man you get all those
guys those are the guys that are on your
television show television shows gonna
do well if those are the guys that are
doing commentary for you they're
excellent
they're coming telling you're gonna
listen to it you're not a great producer
that's not well that shows great know
you silent you fucks yeah when you tell
a podcast the one free medium left on
the planet Earth well you can distribute
to millions of people and no one can
tell you what the fuck to do there's not
another thing like it on earth not one
not one maybe websites but it's telling
the really content you can get yeah and
to be able to have that with no producer
no executive no filter and to have it
available to you while you're doing
other stuff right you could be mowing
your lawn right now it's in your ear
you're running it's in your ear you're
driving to work it's in your ear you're
on
subways you know people to like if let's
say you were 2019 Jay Leno I think
that's what you write this I doing a
shows this girl are doing Johnny Carson
at the time right let's say you're that
guy see it's that overproduced show yeah
no one really gets to know did you know
Johnny Carson from The Tonight Show did
you know Jay Leno no no it's when when
they went on do stuff after the fact but
now people know you pretty fucking well
you don't know me pretty well pretty
well yeah you don't bore tea or not yeah
it's different it's different but even
Conan talked about that how you know
when he was doing the Conan I heard my
word Stern and he was doing he said what
I do the Conan show and you know we had
a band and it would I was going through
this interview but I had to stop it like
I was in balls-deep in this interview
man I have to stop it because the bands
playing we got to get to that or we get
to the next bit he's like no no just let
me go man let me have this conversation
yeah so he's even come over to
podcasting and even Howard stringers
well that's one of the reasons I want to
do long for him it's because they want
to over produce all the stuff but if I
have to get to you know I want to talk
to somebody I wanna get to know him I
don't want to cut to commercial breaks I
don't have to cut for this band or this
bit you want to you know let me talk to
this guy
well there's a lot of guys that are
still cutting their podcast off with
commercials they'll stop in the middle
and do a commercial do you guys do that
we've done it before I don't know if we
currently do we just left our current
advertisers was a nightmare we just
signed with Paragon shout out to Paragon
so you know I don't know sometimes we
might sometimes you might Joe to be
honest with you but but you know what we
are doing is you're gonna do it you're
only gonna do it once right once yeah
but whatever we're looking in this thing
is so when we do our Reed
I don't you guys do it before but in
there's no video but we do it mean Theo
do it together on camera and have fun
with it so it's part of the show yeah
different animal that's that may feel
doing read for you you're gonna read
this financial thing and he goes and you
can save I think seventy-five dollars a
year and I when I said seventy-five
dollars yeah you know I didn't pretty
read out $75 I kind of crack and then
Thea goes yeah a smooth
$75 here do the financial people get mad
at you I don't know I don't give a fuck
we're laughing so hard
I
yeah and get $75 is that really what
they're offering I'd forget my seventy
seventy five hundred seventy five but or
seventy five hundred different if I
forget what it was because I earn fifty
it was some oh yeah I was something
super low and I could not stop laughing
then Theo start laughing they left it in
I feel like that reader do better than
the others maybe but it would be do it
would do better in terms of financial I
mean about in terms of clicks but it
probably wouldn't do better in terms of
people like going there and using the
product it's funny great thing doesn't
matter doesn't matter yeah we got we'll
find someone else
yeah that's the thing it's like an
animal you have too many podcast
sponsors these days I'd say no to them
every day I get tons of you coming in
yeah bet but it's not it's got to make
some sense that's can connect with what
your thing - it's like got to be a
valuable product yeah you gave me the
best advice ever when when I started
doing advertising on podcasts cuz
there's a while before start doing you
know you better believe in it man you
sell shit people have stopped tuning in
they're not gonna believe you I've had a
bunch of things that I turned down
because I researched it and I was like
what is this how does that work yeah but
what's good at that I was like oh this
is sketchy there was one of them they
want to do an uber for babysitting I'm
like yeah that's a fuck out of here
though you're praising the biggest
argument count I ever got in our fucking
90 year relationship is Burger King came
towards us and I I grew up eating Burger
King man I grew up in whopper with
cheese not every day but I'd fucking
have when we got them American Ryan said
no yeah he can't push that off when we
had a straight-up argument had an end I
think we did Bert came hungry and
they're open yeah
fucking a whopper with cheese best
burger on planet Earth fuck you an arrow
this whopper with cheese makes me take
you to a doctor right now get a cat what
do you like Apple fucking double from in
and outs no I kept doing them and I - or
Five Guys Burgers up fat burger five
guys over in five guys we can agree on
one thing
not five not not in and out what's in it
for someone much for number one I like
five guys and I like in and out like
five guys number one though yeah I think
I like five guys better because five
guys offers bacon and also jalapenos one
the speed of in and out of said
deterrent to sometimes dared you the one
right up here though right five guys
doesn't do the drive to like bitch sit
down come on in and they have milkshakes
at in and out that's a big plus if
you're ready to fuck your body up with
some poison food that tastes great shell
shakes us do it to you so they'll give
it to dude I've been so stressed out
with this special my diet you might work
out something create my Dyson like a
girls pregnant yeah pickles and ice
cream my girl might be pregnant
yeah yeah man
been eating pizza every night oh I don't
know what it is dude I'm gonna fire
stress they've actually said that the
people under stress make poor decisions
poor decisions eating everything that's
been great to really yeah people people
make poor decisions food wise I did by
frying I've eat pizza every night me you
might be onto something
yeah I think you're freaking out I'm not
freaking out though a little bit you
think it's okay and we'll figure that
normal no no you're not freaking out but
your inner stress you look nobody is
just getting judged by hundreds of
thousands of people's very weird it's
weird yeah it's weird and every time I
do it I stay offline for weeks
yeah that's what you told me snap line
read it like I do my best I try hard I
do my best and you might like it you
might not like it but I do my best and
when I'm done as long as I know I did my
best I can just release it
yeah I've been able to do that for
triggered and I did that for strange
times over I was like I'm good I'm good
I mean you might like that you might not
like it but I couldn't have done it
better you know my thing is is the I
think with anything is you get more
popular with with it's do podcasting or
stand-up or whatever you do if you're an
artist you put on an album if you're
painting or put out a painting if you're
a fighter take a fight it's a big fight
and you attract more eyeballs you need a
lot more people that love it they need a
lot of you can get more hate because
you're out there more yeah so also
you're being shoved down people's faces
yeah when you do a lot of press yeah man
that's why I don't do press it's one of
the reasons why I deliver you don't have
to anybody have to listen to me I don't
I don't I don't you're at such a
different level that I have to do you
know but I don't do it for stand up
anymore when I go to dance on a
depressed anymore
yeah but then you're getting 100% your
fans yes and and also with with the
special it's different because I didn't
want like our group like you guys who
vouch for me or especially Showtime who
was like let's give to get a special I
didn't want to embarrassed I want it to
go well for them like you know yeah no I
know what you said like I want them back
I we're proud of this which they are so
I should be good with that you know and
I know you guys are proud of me so I
should be good with us I'm alright you
give a fuck you're you're you're trying
to get better at something that's very
difficult to do some say the most
difficult and you put out a special two
years in which is ridiculous
I told you not to do it of course you
wanted to come to me with but I but I
knew you were gonna do it so yes no mean
we went down there we helped you out we
opened for you we you know it was a time
it was a great time yeah and you're
gonna look back on it like in eight
years from now when you have another
killer special out well you know like or
several down along yeah when do you
think you'll do another one do you think
you wait another two years like have you
thought about three years or four I was
talking to I think it's a week I don't
mean in the record I think it's me cool
to look back and go holy fuck use three
years in this way did you have four
years from now see the progression yeah
four years tons see the progression yes
and you can go back and look I think
that's gonna be fucking cool man yeah Oh
100% yeah listen man there's some videos
me from when I first started out they're
terrible there's no way you're not gonna
be you're gonna be terrible
yes yeah you're just learning how to do
something again it's like judging your
roles when you were wiped out versus
your roles as a black for sure like you
don't know what you're doing yeah you're
fucking flailing around it's real
similar
yep it's fine man it's it's where you
gonna say though about specials most
most like especially season one savory I
think three years what Kevin say Ford
Wells gonna say Jeselnik Jeff so neck
has a really interesting thought process
on it and he was telling me that he does
he did the podcast recently I love him
I do too he's great he's a killer man
outstanding he's an assassin yeah and
it's on Netflix it's available right now
it just came out to me was he called
thoughts and prayers is that it I think
so thoughts and prayers anyway that
might be his other one he's got several
but his new one just dropped on Netflix
like a few weeks ago yeah yeah I don't
think it's thoughts in person I think
thoughts and prayers will fire in the
maternity clothes fire the maternity
ward so what he does is he he works on
the material for a year like in LA he
just does like little little sets here
and there how much together ever puts
together his hour then he takes his hour
on the road and does clubs for a year
just clubs from 1 to then he does
theatres for a year 3 and at the end of
that year he films so every three years
yeah which is not a bad idea if you
don't get tired of your shit the problem
is you do a lot of sets like I do four
sets a night sometimes I get really
tired you should I get tired I get tired
new bits yeah especially that many times
so yes it's hard so hard to stay
motivated it's the same bit yeah yeah
but it's also look I feel so lucky that
I can do it I feel so lucky like every
time I go to do a set like I went to the
store last night and hanging out in the
back with Fitzsimmons and he and Edwards
and Owen Smith who I'm trying to
convince Owen Smith and never write
again because I think he's the fucking
Owen Smith can't bring him up to you
gotta come see him that guy's a monster
oh gosh and the other night he's like
Owen Smith is so good and he's got this
gig he's always writing but there's no
there's a writer's strike right now he's
a writer for a major house Tom's and
shit but dude his stand-ups out of
control so he came with a super night
dude he's the best really nice super so
is a little Josh Martin Josh I love
charge to cheese he knows fucking
Tomatoes it was a killer show we did two
shows The Improv we're doing more of
those two he into fucking kids a killer
he's a writer too yep same deal same
same deal and I try to talk to him about
it too Ian's been on the road me for
years and years he opened for me when I
did triggered he took I've taken him on
the road for years he's also thought I'm
not as this guy and then I see so nice
to the nicest guy so Santino
Santino's nice he's a
and man I love me to have clothes
bouncing cheeto you know what
Podcast Tiger belly I did with Bobby Lee
I told my said you owe it you owe it to
come and you a fuckin special man yeah
at least 30 minutes and he goes in he
goes I think it's I guess my broken
won't have me on he's disappointed me on
it I just think you shit together to a
specialist well that's not true that it
won't have him on every time I say do
you want to come on my podcast he runs
away he's sleeping he gets panicky well
he doesn't wake up to one but he gets
panicky I don't know why he's a great
he's he's got stuff in his head that
shouldn't be in there not-so-smart duty
is lot to say oh yeah I love popular
right on here dude I've been friends
with Bobby Lee since 96 it's gonna calm
me for a hot no not dude forever I just
started doing comedy thing because I'm
sorry kill this trip club in San Diego
that's we started Mexican gangbangers
with tattoos on their face and long
black hair and Bobby Lee's trying to
tell their girlfriend to give him a lap
dance and I got to grab him and drag him
the fuck out of here I'm like listen to
me Bobby listen to me those guys are
serious we gotta get the fuck out of
here now and he's like fuck those guys
I'm gonna do shit I'm gonna I will
fucking leave you here I'm like I'm
going I jumped in my super turbo and we
fucking hauled ass out of there and
Bobby Lee was in the backseat it's like
probably shut the fuck up they were
gonna kill you you have no idea like
certain dudes you look them in the eye
and you go oh this guy's for real they
got the idea of it white shark yeah and
like look I'm not the most street smart
dude I'm not saying that but I can read
a room though
I can read predators yeah I've been
around a lot of fucking stone-cold
killers in my life and now I saw that
guy was like oh okay sir I'm gonna just
take my little friend and stuff from the
backseat of my fucking Japanese car peel
out of here is it Toyota Supra yeah dude
it was scary
Bobby was so ridiculous not gonna do
shit I'm like oh Jesus Christ like get
in the fucking car man
come on so fun you got to get out of
here that was my introduction like Bobby
Lee cuz he was working at the La Jolla
comedy saves that door guys yeah yeah
that's how he started I don't even
remember how we wound up at that fucking
strip club because like all I remember
was like the world zoomed in like I was
looking at through a
toilet paper roll and I'm looking at
this Mexican gangbanger who stood up
with his hands out there like this and
and Bobby Lee is act like it's not a big
deal and I'm like oh my God we're gonna
die
holy I was like that just moments we
like you almost got hit by a car
whoa like that's that's what it felt
like I was like oh my god Bobby like
that guy's a real criminal like this is
we gotta get out of here and his girl
was one of the dancers and Bobby was
apparently trying to get his girl to
give him a lap dance we ran out of there
man we fucking hauled ass I drove very
fast and I got off the first exit and I
turned around and went back the other
way just kiss almost following me I was
making sure no one was following me
Jesus I was like this is real Bobby
Bobby sellers we're talking about lo a
comedy club let's tell him how like
specialist to me that's now starting out
staying in the condo and I still a go I
was great because they've redone it and
Jim Carrey stayed there and he's my hero
so you know for me especially us man we
haven't yes I wish I had the the same
kind of admiration for that that Comedy
Store La Jolla condo he goes because
when I was there I forget the comics
name is some gay comic he goes he they
used to take like 14 dudes back there
and run trains and come all over the
walls because that's why the walls were
blue for a long time went
uh-huh don't know if that's true Jesus
Christ Bobby I don't know if that's true
obviously it's a lot of a lot of adding
to that you know you guys came you know
right right it's not that far-fetched
yeah you don't change do you know who
the hodgetwins are yes those guys are
yeah they do you know they have they
have a fucking there's a they were
reading an article about men getting
pregnant like that women aren't the only
ones you can get pregnant
yeah no because the way they talk you
know you know the way they talk they're
big all Jack dudes you know and I'm on
the podcast they're kind of you yeah and
they get seriously amped up but they
were talking about busted and not inside
dudes asked can I get him pregnant about
how you go in that man's anus and
there's Sam they're like yeah they
talked fucking like Jews dude because
people are saying super crazy shit
that's
that's a crazy yes yes yes yes yes this
is a real argument you know Yale started
putting tampons dispensers get the fuck
in the men's room because they said not
everyone who men's straights is a woman
hi my son welcome to the upside-down
world how did you ever uh did you ever
watch stranger things to come to this
what you were watched ranger things like
yeah look we're in absolute down we're
in the world is upside down right now
that's what's happening so just flipped
over to the other side people are
getting there so progressive they're
literally denying science for for
feelings do you feel like a woman
then you're a woman yeah fuck I can
identify as a woman do you feel like a
man well then you're a man and you're
pregnant
amazing man bro congratulations you're
gonna make the best mom dad whatever the
fuck whatever dad mom these dudes are
coming in dude's ass this is a good
prank
it's a funny it's a funny little thing
that they did did you find it I was
looking for it and I stumbled across
something else they just talked about
what you're just talking they're all
over YouTube yes what is this meet the
formerly transgender man and now
identifies as a genderless alien oh yeah
I seen that do we show that guy before
his surgery in such a surgery Alan I
don't give a fuck
just don't force it on me that I have to
if I fuck him call you a him yeah I see
congratulations to them yeah their
graduations you go you've made it a lot
of people want to be special but they
don't want to work for it and the
problem with that is you get that kind
of shit you get people that are
pretending to be something super special
they get attention so they get attention
and you're not doing anything and
there's nothing there you know what I
really love I had Eddie Izzard on who's
probably one of the most famous
transgender people ever and just stretch
introduce on your picture just decided
that's what he likes and once you get
past that and just talk to him he's
amazing humans a human man he's amazing
I don't care what I care is when you say
crazy things like men can get pregnant
that's insane that's not real have you
had custody on the
you know and was run for governor I
don't know what she's doing now but we
count I went to lunch with her
afterwards
normal shit man normal also talks like
like like you might go when you were in
battle this and just talks like like a
fucking human like a you give a fuck
yeah all right you want to wear a dress
yeah everyone's looking at you because
you got the physique of me and you got a
fucking miniskirt on all right whatever
who cares you give the fuck once you get
used to it like you're used to the way
people dress period yes you used to
everything yeah you know it's just
nonsense
it's nonsense like I don't care as long
as you're not hurting me yeah we're
hurting someone else
I don't know shit it on I don't care
don't push it off in Eddie Izzard say
what like he always felt like that this
is a man can have babies now play this
can we play it or we get pulled will
probably its own Twitter will get pulled
no no no no sir you'll hear the volume
here the audio though no no we'll just
tell people what is the it just says men
can have babies now in a son I couldn't
find out can we hear it copyright laws
no don't doesn't matter we'd have to
edit it out later
it's just look YouTube's in a weird
place right now in terms of copyright
and we've gotten claims on us for
watching something on a screen in the
background like you see a picture in a
picture and you you don't even hear it
and they want all the ad revenue for the
entire show how about the UH gee that's
ridiculous hilarious how about that when
the combine guy were talking about his
dick that got flagged when I was okay
she's dick popped out attacked for
nudity yeah come on come on it's fuckin
dick you like you you have to pop down
and you have to pause it and just go
frame-by-frame ago is that today it's
kind of pixelated it's on there for half
a second don't even know what you're
looking at if I don't tell you and well
what YouTube is doing is making a
boatload of cash I know what they're
doing oh my god this is the world yes
they run the world
well between Facebook YouTube Twitter
and Instagram YouTube owns Instagram now
they're all in the world
look Facebook is changing elections
Facebook is influencing the way the
world votes do you hear what they're
gonna start doing with uh I think it's
Instagram they're gonna start you can as
the user your your owner of your own
page but the rest the world can't see
your followers and likes huh that's
interesting because kids in high school
and I can with a three old son it's
scary worlds with social me I'm sure
with your daughter's you can understand
is people suicide especially in teenage
girls has never been higher because
they're putting so much so much weighs
on their social media so I'm a follower
Tommy likes they get so we get rid of
that might help well you know they're
reaching the same kind of people that
we're talking about we're talking about
haters but they're reaching it like
local like their friends and people from
school they're shitting on each other
and being mean to each other and they
don't understand what that does to a
person yet they don't have compassion
the way a grown adult has where they
understand that perspective they
understand what kind of emotional
influence it's gonna have on a person
when you shit on them like that I've
seen it happen man it's not pretty but
also like when you and I were bullied
especially you back in the day when you
were bullied you could go home you'd
think about it but you didn't have to
constantly get it right now if your
daughter you know lead at school well
she goes home at 3 o'clock and that's
Amaya yeah and then they gang up and
then this person from another school
gangs up yeah this person from Ohio
gangs up mhm and then they're all
fucking taking that I've seen them play
little games with each other - it's
weird it's weird watching kids play
little emotional head games with each
other it was like Jesus Christ like
people are button pushers right they see
a button they push it they want to see
what it does they find out it does
something they want to push it again
make it do that thing and when you find
out you can make someone upset you press
their buttons you know there's
girlfriends to do that boyfriends to do
that friends lovers family members
people press buttons but I've had family
members that would do that they would
just press buttons just to fuck with you
but even on social media it's like
people can press buttons if you if you
let them know that that button gets to
you right I never I always I never
punched down so if it's a guy with an
egg for an avatar so and I don't know
I'm never ever very rarely I'll punch
down or a comment
man a verb that's what they want right
what's interested me is it affects
people like Kevin Durant who's possibly
the best basketball player on planet
earth and he just got in a Twitter war
with just like he's been known to fake
accounts burner accounts defending
himself online yeah caught doing that
he'd this this this guy who works a
commentator an analyst for Fox was like
oh critiquing him he started firing back
at him then another guy like a troll
with 55 followers talk shit do me fires
back what are you doing but here's the
fears the message when I see all that
I'm like not what the fuck is he doing
I'm like holy fuck
if Kevin Durant who's worth six hundred
million dollars the best basketball
player on planet earth if it affects him
what do you think a 13 year old girl
with body issues is feeling like that's
what's scary yeah or boy boy or girl
kids kids
the suicide with teenage girls is a lot
have you read Jonathan hates books on
that Jonathan hate who he's been on my
podcast Kalyn knows him I think maybe
Kalyn talked to him too I believe
but he wrote a book called the coddling
of the American mind and part of the
book was about the influence of social
media and what is happening what unites
kids couple years ago yeah maybe you're
pretty recent yeah you have to be
up-to-date you know he's a shit he's
brilliant okay he's brilliant I really
enjoyed talking to him it's um it's one
of those things where you go yeah this
is nothing that we're designed for it's
not normal you know when girls talk shit
about you across the you know like you
see them across the breezeway like
you're walking your classroom they're
over there and they're talking shit
about you like fuck those bitches but if
they're saying it online and you read it
on a Facebook page yeah her ankles are
fat fucking loser get that nose job lol
and kids will do shit like that until we
should love lol yeah shit like that to
each other but if you read it now all
the sudden an impact is you really it
becomes it hits you in a way that it
doesn't hit you if you see them talking
shit if I see some dudes talking shit
about me and they're over there I'm like
yeah or you really took shit what do you
do what I feel good feel good insulting
people fucking losers concentrate on
your own life get your shit together out
on lot like you ever go to you you
never read a comment I know I've read
comments before but I don't read them in
fact do that did it affect you it
affected me when I first started being
on the Internet
but over the course of my being on the
Internet I've learned how to not
emotionally engage choices well you just
know what people are like if I've done
something that was poor and it wasn't
good and someone said that sucked it
burns but you know why it burns because
they're right it's true they're because
they're right yeah when that happens
that's that's an opportunity to get
better that's what that is
that's an opportunity to look at
yourself to reassess start from scratch
just look at it with fresh renewed vigor
and understanding that the negative
consequences of failing or doing poorly
or you know just not putting enough
attention really I know what do you mean
like lately your nighttime sure what's
the last thing you did that you got
negative but it doesn't matter I did
that's how I looked at it yeah it's like
but that's one of the reasons why cuz
I'm always tweaking it like that and
I'll have sets that are off and a lot of
the times the sets that are off because
I'm experimenting with shit I'm moving
stuff around you know mine doesn't
matter but it does I don't like it I
don't like you don't go no when I don't
do well I'm not I'm not listening to
what other people are saying I'm my own
worst critic you have to so if yeah yeah
so the bottom line is if they're wrong
like if someone says something and
they're wrong it's like I don't care
like it doesn't bother me if you say
mean things and you're wrong I don't
care but if you're right I care and the
reason why I care is because I haven't
done a good job so I care more about
what I've failed at then the person's
opinions they can't be all invested in
people's opinions of people you don't
know because everyone's words look the
same when they're typed out yeah like
you don't get to see if there was like
an an intelligence quotient and
emotional intelligence of social
intelligence if you could find out how
disturbed somebody was by their text
just looking at it you'd get a better
understanding of whether or not you
should listen to this person's opinion
yeah when you just look at text it could
be it's very black and white yeah I mean
it could be Cornel West wrote that or it
could be fucking Richard Spencer wrote
it it's just words like it doesn't
you don't convey who the person is from
those words it's very difficult so see
someone can say something insulting or
shitty to you designed to try to get you
they're just trying to hope to get you
why do you think it's why do you think
it's you get it I don't get it I guess
they're helpless they're helpless but so
that's why there's so much negativity
yes on social that's part of the reason
there should be a positive atmosphere
for some yeah but you're positive you
have a fucking Ferrari you live in a
mansion it's easier handsome guy ten
feet tall it's all good things got a
giant ticker here got big dick energy
it's all right all these things are fun
also worked for it you didn't work for
that dick I was born with this thing
yeah so I'm saying it's a work for some
things
I'm sure it is poor boy you've had many
good breaks some people have had none
some people have had none and they also
have a phone and they have a Twitter
account and they're like fuck you yeah
but fuck you and your fur that's why
you're stuck you in your mansion
fuck you and everything you stand for
thank you because they can't see a real
path like if you're standing there but
that's why they're a loser because you
because you're getting online you spin
out hate because you're not happy with
your lure they're 17 like they don't get
it let's say they're not there's a lot
but there's a lot of that 1:17 there
used to be a loser at 17 now they're 27
and nothing's gotten much better there's
a lot of that but if you think going on
Instagram and shitting on who's
successful is gonna get you to where you
want to go no unless you're really funny
there are people that just do it come
yeah there's some kind
Josie I'll have a section where we
reread off people roasting us we end it
back and forth eat some people are good
some people are some most awful there's
there's people that have like formulated
a comedy career from dunking on folks
online right yeah but that would be
Jenny Johnson high five minority though
yeah yeah but if you're a good writer
here's the thing the world is not it's
like good ideas and good writing and
being funny it's not exclusive to
professionals there's a lot of people
out there who are really funny who never
figure out a way to do Apple eyes on it
yeah look dude when I was a fucking open
mic or when I was first starting out I
worked for a guy named Dave Dolan he's
dead now he's a private investigator to
this day one of the funniest fucking
dudes I've ever met in my
life we used to calm down a mite
dickless Dave Dolan he was an animal
Allah Oh God
dynomite dickless day Triple D he died a
few years back but he's one of the rare
people that I saved his voicemails now
you saved people's voicemails my staff -
they're dead
yeah like he's one of those guys I'm
never fucking delete how do you pass
away listen to this I can't wait
dickless Dave here that's how Boston is
that was just it's hard to hear it
because I can't put it on speaker Dave
here why doesn't it not go on speaker
what did he pass away from cancer he
left me this long sweet email or a
voicemail but I never delete that he's
yeah I loved that guy forever
but when we were friends when he was
alive I always said why don't you do
comedy well I had the fucking you not a
comedian he was one of the finest human
beings I've got like Joey Diaz level
funny he was so he do it
how much didn't have the balls you like
being a private investigator like
busting people got freaked out it was a
game for him that works for him then and
his brother his cousin rather was Billy
downs and Billy downs owned the comedy
connection oh wow yeah so he had an in
yeah could is easier than for most
people when I started working for him I
had no idea that he was Billy downs
cousin I responded to an ad in a
newspaper where a private investigator
needed an assistant oh what a great what
a great job like as you try to be a
comedian be a private investigators
assistant is gonna be awesome but what
he really needed was a driver he lost
his license from driving while
intoxicated awesome he was the best but
he quit he quit booze fucking cold
turkey right then and there and didn't
go to meetings didn't do any of that
shit just quit
gangster oh man he was a beautiful
person but he was one of the funniest
people I've ever met in my life that guy
if he had Twitter and he would just
wanted to dunk on people he would have
been fucking you up man he would have
read his shit and fall on the ground
laughing he was just funny it's funny
people are just funny
these new professionals like oh you are
you aren't you can cultivate it I know
some comedians that weren't that good
and they got way way way way better but
I'm sure they were but being a comedian
then also been funny in persons a little
bit of different it's different yeah
there's some people just they're just
funny like Richard Jeni who's in my mind
one of the best comedians of all time
he was always real somber in person
likes never it was never really serious
he's depressed which is why I killed
himself just wasn't happy this wasn't
it's kind of a bummer to bone his own
skin and there's comedians like that now
even at this store yeah you meet him
you're like oh wow you're you're very
serious about Brody
you know Brody I mean there wasn't that
serious with a release around me the few
times when I was around him he he was
fun he would get dark we get dark I
don't know enough I'm like your pretend
I did yes he was always very cool yeah I
mean I think guys like you and I one
thing especially coming from athletics
coming from martial arts you're you're
more likely to like suck it up and
you're more likely to not give in to the
negative demons and you're also more
likely to exercise regularly you're more
likely to so when you see someone who's
struggling with something they shouldn't
be struggling with you like but you're
good frustrated hey you're good that's
right why are you bummed out your
fucking you really good like if you are
doing really good as a comic you know
you'll call me up and you're so proud
killed tonight it was amazing I had such
a great Center but that's great that's
awesome yeah it's not bragging no no no
it's happiness it's happy I tell you
because I know you relate to it so Brody
who was a murderer you could never say
he was great you could never say like
Brody you fucking kill me if he would
like skirt around it like Rogen always
supportive Rogen yeah they always got my
back yeah so it was would always
deflected he never I don't think he
wanted to do I don't think he wanted to
accept the fact that people loved him
like when you know when he had would
have a great set would almost like it
wouldn't elevate him like some guys get
off stay like Hinchcliffe Hinchcliffe on
murder huh get off stage will be like
yeah you were the cops or his eyes would
be giant Oh high five everybody he's
feeling it you know but Brody didn't get
like that
I'm not saying feels the same in any
regard to what Brody is suffering with
but you know Theo has his demons what
everything it's very it's out there I'm
not outing feels the same way where
he'll do a set I'm like do that some of
the best things I've ever seen man I'm
like get the fuck stop get the fuck yeah
Tony it's so good dude
it's a version of it me radios got his
own version and it's not as extreme
everyone has their monsters yeah but
like a guy like you or me
we're very you're goal-oriented you see
you trying to get better at things you
see things that's how you got good at
Jiu Jitsu it so you got good at fighting
and so you get a good at comedy
everything you want to get good at you
get good at by focusing on it and
setting goals and trying to get better
and better and when you do get better
you celebrate you enjoy it it's fun it's
exciting some people don't get that
feeling man they don't they don't ever
get those highs those highs just don't
exist
it's and for me you know but what what
gets me more than anything now is new
stuff what gets me more than anything is
creations like those little things you
come up with those nuggets Watkins show
mm-hmm and I'll walk way go I'll fuck
how come in the back go dude I wrote
down what uh what killed I'm like oh my
god you're recording yeah I can run with
that Ghost there's something there yeah
then I walk away in like the highest
high man it's amazing no show you know
what's interesting is hanging around you
as much as I have is you're you're
serious but you and I are more similar
than like me or dilly or me and count
calendula are so silly
all the time mm-hmm Julia might be
funnier offstage Nate
he's amazing on stage but he's so funny
offstage Brian so funny on stage where
they're constantly on like thinking
around they mess around all the time and
you're like you don't have to be that
way I thought for the long because I had
to act that way because that's way cuz I
hung out with Brian and Counting yeah
and Billy is so much like this I don't
want to do it like I just want to chill
and do my set and then talk about cars
or whatever because I look out it be
myself that's not them I don't want to
have to be on and fuck around all it see
I don't like fuck around all the time
well delete you're the only one they
avoid like the real conversations they
don't talk yeah just fake and salt each
other yeah they should salt each other
what I like all right well
alright what else man like why did Kalyn
got boxing mitts made that have a shake
that someone put that's amazing they did
a great job
it's all there is though I thought he
actually had mitts made up I was like
there's a back to them but those guys
are shot that like that's that's who
they are they're counting if it's a room
of three or thirty yeah he's gonna
entertain and he's that he's the he's
the you know the clown that's why I took
the money that's not me man that's not
that's not what I do I was talking to
either house my family yeah and then go
on stage and be funny no look at them
they're okay Bryant count throwing
punches like a guy who's never been
punched I think you're right you're
right pretty guy you're right you're
right brother
there's no way it won't fake whenever I
see Cal hit mid-thigh fast forward I go
to the next page I know he's so silly
he's so so how's he getting into boxing
at 80 years old look at this he keeps
telling me as the shoulders are fine I'm
like well why are you punching so slow
then if your shoulders are fine what is
wrong it's like are you in a room with
thick air he's obsessed with it like
what are you fighting at high altitude
why's the time the altitude if there's
no altitude at least your hands would
move quicker that's real do you know
that that that's with ballistics with
archery you shoot high and high out - oh
really yes because there's less drag
like there's less air
why is his hands moving so slow he's
gonna be so sad weird he's been boxing
with with private lessons for a while he
goes Wayne thinks you know I could
probably fight pro I went challenge stop
oh it count on your pain that man money
do I love Wayne oh here's the problem
years old and you're paying that man
money so if you went Kallen you look
terrible you're gonna go well you're the
one coaching me so of course I went let
me ask some you play tennis right you
can see I went you you hit with a pro
right he goes yeah I went you pay him
right angle has he ever told you he
thinks she can make me compete us yeah
that's what they do
yeah cuz they got a show progress and
hype you up otherwise
did your awful never fight again you're
not gonna keep paying them dude in it
great though
that's Callen this just people counted a
nutshell this is great people that do
that that coach you that blow smoke up
your ass gonna be super careful those
super very careful when Eddie students
had this guy it was he was a jujitsu guy
and he was fighting in the UFC and his
coach his muy Thai coach was like he's
Bangkok ready he's and I was like whoa
whoa whoa whoa whoa like as a striker I
was like no he's not like what are you
talking about like they blow smoke they
get a fat one of these Tommy Chong
joints look at this joint that's a
firecracker formation stuff this in your
asshole now they blow that smoke because
you're like yes on the other end and you
stopped believing it man you start
believing I'm gonna Bangkok fuck those
dudes up I always told that he should
make a shirt he says Bangkok ready I
think he did did he make somebody made a
shirt that said remember that story you
remember that fastening so I was there I
was in the locker room and he said he's
Bangkok ready there's not a better term
ever well it's not a better term ever
especially when you know the guys not
elite strikers just crazy Bangkok ready
hmm
yeah I'd watch him kick the bag and I'd
be like oh no you better take this guy
down take this guy down it get your
strangle on Australia so it's just old
fight sage was in Bangkok ready sage was
not one champ ship red sage you know
he's alpha male now right is he still
there
I believe school left alpha male
recently did Lance Palmer relief I think
when a plumber while Mark who's the
chick the badass since since Cynthia
Calvillo yeah she would she go I don't
know no I mean I don't know what they're
doing over there so I can't really
comment I don't either but I do know
that when bang Ludwig was there
they're making some giant ass fucking
progress everybody started moving better
everybody started putting together
combinations better you click you need a
head coach fighters need a head coach
and even then you might not win right no
it's tough enough you need a hot you
need a head coach you need you need a
beast you look if I was if I was
competing
really if I was a young man and I was
thinking about fighting in MMA I'd
probably move to Montreal
I got a MA trail or I was talking to
Dustin about this at ATT there's so many
guys especially guys in the UFC they get
there and they were in the you know the
big swingin dicks at their small gym
they come to ATT and they're expecting
the same attention it's you know two
problems with two problems in South
Florida pussy and pussy and cocaine
cookies I've never tried it
well Spanish Columbian it's a reason to
go down there bro your dick is gonna be
hard every time the wind blows you're
gonna be excited and you cannot gonna be
focusing and you're gonna get cracked
yeah so maybe New Mexico huh also
Montreal has hot-ass girls the other
thing about this is I really believe
about some camps can have too many
killers and you can get fucked up as
you're trying to learn and grow and you
never have enough guys that are that you
could practice on I think a que because
they're so tough they've injured each
other fucked if I was wanted to learn
how to wrestle and I wanted to be like a
better wrestler from France and I know I
moved it I agree because DC's as I was
waiting at Steve a left yeah he's on his
way out
canes there you already beat him there
dude that's what I say that's what I say
yes France but because he's fucking
striking the power yeah this is like
such a fucking checkmate weapon then no
matter what anybody does you're always
ready for checkmate boom it's like
Wilder that kind of ridiculous power
you're always ready for checkmate you're
always ready Wilders is even more
impressive than Francis I don't know let
me tell you something that is in 2013
that is cut to 265 my motherfucking
words if Francis and Ghana decides to
jump ship and go heavyweight careful
where you going with this he will nuke
some fools nukes of the louder oh well
let's kinda taking a long time to get
the Wilders level well there's a world
champion yes undefeated yet they've seen
but if Francis and look Francis Egon was
not ready to box with Walter right now
but let me say some starch in 30 say he
might or he might connect no he could
get this against why there's not the
slickest guy in the world we're not
talking about Muhammad
olympic-level box Francis no sort of a
year-and-a-half in he was in the
Olympics but he mostly gets buying power
and range there's a little bit Olympics
medal but he's a year and a half into
boxing I mean I think Francis probably
cuz well for he did know there's no
doubt about it he's amazing
but if Francis has a problem with
grappling you think about what he did
what does he not have a problem with
striking he Kos owls you'll see in the
UFC true true but Alistair Overeem is a
world-class striker I mean he's a
kickboxer at the highest level wins the
k1 Grand Prix I mean he's knocked out
Badr Hari he's beaten fucking Turkish
Tyson for sure he's beaten some good guy
Freddie's a little older a little older
and the other thing if Alistair Overeem
entered the box army without with
Deontay Wilder he went less men in I
agree with you yeah however maybe well
if he cut his legs
no I'm sorry straight flow we're talking
but it was in more time I mean it was an
MMA fight so he's allowed to do
everything I know I'm just saying great
boxing talking about apples and oranges
right but think about that if Deontay
Wilder fought Alistair over him in an
MMA fight right now how do you think
that would go he finished him in under a
minute
he leg kicked the shit out of Saint Hugh
a need you take him down to around three
seconds but he couldn't do that to
Francis and Ghana couldn't leg kick and
couldn't keep them off him because
France is MMA but if it's I'll stir and
and Francis went to the boxing arena
they get absolutely
ania with you but I mean the thing
that's holding well unless they focused
on a for as long as those guys did but
the thing that holds back Deontay Wilder
from people like all the boxing pundits
praising him is that they think he has
awkward technique he's wild
but his results are spectacular okay
Francis and gah knew everybody he
connects on other than Stevie goes
night-night steep a is the only guy
steep a sea pay survived steep a figured
out how to use his championship medal
and his grit and uses takedowns and and
won the fight Derrick Lewis take some
shots it's just a terrible fight that
was a dud fight I don't even think that
counts that doesn't care that fight is
so that's such of a mess from
to Bob that was the worst fight maybe in
the history of the fuckin sport agree
they didn't throw anything was so but
the problem with that fight is because
they're such knockout artist you're
expecting such fireworks dude it was a
big disappointment I said to everybody
there is not a fucking way this fight
can saw its and I said you can never say
that cuz it is us I know whenever you
say there's not a way this fight can
suck it's gonna suck so disappointed man
disappoint it was but then when he comes
back and he knocks out Curtis blades for
the second time you know which I thought
late blades had a way better shot at him
the second II - I actually thought he's
probably beat him especially after the
Francis and Ghana fight yes but it
showed that or the display but it showed
that in Ghana has really got it back
together again and he's fightin JDS mm
they moved it though it was supposed to
be in Vegas they moved it it's dangerous
fire JDS didn't ride for both guys
really but yes yes indeed yes
I just think in Ghana house if you're
gonna stand in front of him man he's
gonna hit you or something yeah that's
the thing he's one of those I'm gonna
hit you with something when he became
I'll the coaly fuck yeah man it's like
blowout is so bad he really did think
that's what happened when you look at
the replay he clearly got hit with an
uppercut like a shot there something
like a car went almost it's all it needs
that guy all he needs to touch you
he just needs and the more he does it
the more confident he gets in it the
better he's only been fucking training
for six years do people see him first
John so bad in vs. John John yeah what
you think would happen I think John
would take him I think John smokes him
John would take him down yeah Genki
listen John easily could be 240 pounds
easily just go I think what he's doing
is just he's gonna clean out light
heavyweight there's really no one there
forms gonna clean that out and then go
to heavyweight maybe he's in it or maybe
he just stays at light heavyweight and
just goes down as the goat and just
keeps beating them all the contend oh
yeah DC wants that fight again at light
heavyweight Mike come on he doesn't do
it at least that heavy weight every
weights the way to cut anything for DCC
gets past eBay which is a big if
together yeah realize like DC DC
connected with that beautiful punch in
the clinch but steep a has had over
a year to stew on that it's been driving
him fucker guessing good thing I think
it's good for today's an animal I know
I'm not worried about that I think he's
gonna be better I think Ringwraiths an
issue I don't think so
DC's been way more active but ste pays a
real veteran man he's a real veteran and
he's a humble dudes a hard-ass he's not
gonna come in there with a lot of
expectations on himself he's just gonna
do his best I think
I'm not worried at all about the size up
her fight for DC look if Donald Cerrone
was taking a year-plus off and then
we're gonna fight for the title block
whoo I'd like Donald to get a fight in
god I wish she would do that you and I
are off on this yeah I wish Donna would
take a fucking break and not fight Tony
in three days notice no I agree with
that too I wish you would take a break
and not fight Tony in three weeks notice
but three weeks after its last fight
yeah but when Donald fights a lot as
long as the best on reason it's the best
Donald that's what he wants yes he's
just likes to get in the groove he likes
to stay active I think for steep and be
champion and do that though mmm name
song who's done it go yeah name one guy
well everyone's different
I'm not going off measurements there's
no stat alive who's ever fought like the
most highest champion who's fought the
most the most like the most like active
who's the most active champion most
icees pretty active at light heavyweight
heavyweight pretty I can act pretty
fucking active and I think John is
trying to be really active I mean think
about whole divisions fuck yeah those
dip out and leave them like the fucking
Queen of the Dragons okay George st.
Pierre fought 15 title bouts Wow he had
15 title wow wow that's crazy
realtor 15 how about Randy Couture but
that doesn't mean that these years later
stay open 15 over seven years that's
still all those years later Randy
Couture is still tied for the record of
the most title fights that's crazy
Mighty Mouse right under that with 14
Anderson 13 the difference is with all
those guys you know I mean it's all
different eras different division I
think era means everything because I
think what John's doing the current air
is more impressive than Randy or George
or any Anderson did who do you think is
a danger to John right now
there's no one I'd like heavyweight yeah
no one absolutely no one
Thiago Santos I know we got a hype and
I'm gonna go punch a chance to yeah for
sure I get that there's no one at light
heavyweight maybe maybe you know what
Johnny Walker but he's so far removed
right now he has to get by maybe three
more guys before we start me like I
might be a threat but potential hope his
shoulders okay mm-hmm
if his shoulders okay what that guy does
is crazy he starts his people he stock
starts khalil Roundtree with an elbow in
the clinch remember that yeah statius
that crazy this kind of elbow one of
them bad boys vicious chaos him with
that and then chaos Misha Sarnoff with a
flying knee right to the fucking chops
freak he's a freak but he hasn't done it
like John has to Shogun who to fuckin
you know ain't no comparison mushy -
look there's no comparison to anyone
who's ever fought in the light
heavyweight division and John Jones
right now there's no comparison there's
no threats but except DC but DC lost the
lawsuit he's not a threat at light
heavyweight DCI says ret heavyweight I
think he's a threat right now not have
you ate yes heavyweight he's a threat
espouse goes up we've seen how it works
out for DC but what if DC got more
dedicated and disciplined with his diet
so what if DC fights against eBay and
says so when it's this deep a fight
happen is it July July okay so what if
DC says okay August September let's
let's plan for New Year's Eve with John
Jones that weekend and he takes a week
off goes to fucking mardi gras whatever
the fuck he wants to do drink some drink
some beer yeah New Orleans yeah have
some pizza kicks back yeah firm and then
goes on a serious diet with a real good
nutritionist who's gonna check his
macros make sure he's eating healthy
food and you think that's why he's not
being John no but I'm saying where he
could get down to 205 healthy where he
doesn't have any
look Daniel Cormier if there's anything
has ever held him back he's he's not the
best at his diet and with NTCC great
well he's one of the things that makes
him great he's a wrestler he's a
fantastic Russell that makes him great
he's a shit that makes him great he's
got his endurance is great incredible
man he knows that
I don't know about all that that's some
people say think about that think about
the most shredded guys in the USC well I
don't mean he should get shredded what I
mean she'd he should make 205 with no
problems where he could go to war for
five rounds with a guy like John Jones
without weakening him I don't know if
that's possible you might be right I
don't know if it's in his DNA
especially at 40 years of age she can't
be with me heavy weight his powers up
and saw that was steep a I think if he
and he's gonna connect which he has in
the clinch against John that powers
their the the the I still think he'll be
an underdog but it that that gap narrows
that heavyweight man light heavyweight
it doesn't specially at his age I think
it it's even further apart now that
John's being more active well maybe he
wants to do that to prove a point
because he beats John problem heavy well
yeah I'm light heavyweight a heavyweight
dude you're the champ John if you wants
to have that like C fight that rubber
match go with even though he's tuned up
go there and let's see what happens
especially for DC it's like DC dude if
you beat John at heavyweight and you
ride off in the sunset game set match
best of all time to ever do it right
like how about this Tito Ortiz right now
owns Chuck Liddell right
chocolate Dale smashes him two times
when they're in their prime but then
Tito knocked him out and Chuck looked
terrible Tito K owed him it looked
really bad and Chuck will never fight
again and Tito will always sleep at
night knowing he just fucked Chuck
Liddell up doesn't you think about those
other ones right you know anything about
it he got it back he got it back in a
big way TC we got it back the way he
wanted to lift him with the right hand
put his lights out and then punched him
a couple times when he's out and that's
a replay and forum for DC it's like he
even after the John loss he went on that
fucking heavyweight knockout steep a who
some can argue it's the best UFC heavy
rail time he went on to beat Derek Lewis
who's so dangerous yeah and then you
unless they beat ste pay for a second
time what the fuck you know you know
what I was really impressed with I was
really impressed with the way Chuck
handle that loss did you see the way
Chuck talked about it on Instagram he
just basically said you know hey man you
know you put yourself out there you go
out there you set goals you know you you
try and if you fail it doesn't doesn't
mean you quit you get back on your horse
and yeah I'm get right back to it and
yeah I
try not to be so judgey man let go of
all the hate and all the bullshit press
me to and I like Chuck he's a good
person I attract is if he if fifty noes
are if rather John John's number one
Chuck's number two so far as light
heavyweights great light heavyweights
he's he was the fucking man I mean when
he defined the early days of the UFC one
of the things about the UFC was like
this crazy thing was like cage fighting
and here's this guy with painted
toenails and a mohawk and a dead tattoo
and he's just Merkin people Merkin
people biggest like was like the first
big big stars who sported to transcend
and ghost going to Entourage have
commercials
yeah those fucking automotive commercial
it was like a rock star too I mean that
dude went ha where do you stand
remember that one interview that he did
he was on something
he was on all the drives everything and
he's like is doing morning TVs like yeah
I'd like to fight the Hulk I wish she
was real that great I love that what the
fuck is that he was clearly on cloud
nine animal man like legit where do you
stand on letting those whose
responsibility is that the guys like BJ
panic keeps losing its defined as like a
scene out guy like Anderson Silva where
do you stand on letting those guys fight
it's a very good question but if you're
Dana White what do you do because at the
end of the day I only do the Commission
should go I yeah man he passed the
fucking physical so we gotta let him
fight but at the end of the day if they
don't have a resource or a job from the
head man if Dana calls BJ or Chuck just
like you didn't chuck he's like I'm not
giving you a venue to find that it's not
happening so I what I wonder at what
point if you're Dana let's say you're
dating at what point do you tell these
guys stop fighting because I feel like
for Anderson
although I don't remember him that way
the new generations remember him for
being this guy for BJ the new generation
only knows him as losing we know them as
one of the greats
hmm so I I feel like they say you can't
fight anymore
I don't know BJ is capable of competing
the level that he's competing at right
now when he's losing to these guys I
don't know if he is because it doesn't
seem like he's capable of it weight loss
what six in a row yeah and if I looked
at the BJ that I saw against Ryan Hall
up until the time he gets leg locked he
looks fucking great
laughter that happened fast low bro no I
know I'm with you I'm saying he looks
like he's fit he looks like he's in
shape he looks like he's a top fighter
but he almost needs to fight a young guy
coming up so we could see when he fights
Clay Guida or he fights someone like
that it's almost losing yeah and then
Ryan Hall he's losing I feel like I
don't know he's not who we used to be no
I've seen you know not but I don't even
know where his head's I feel like if I'm
if I'm Dana I'm going hey man I'm doing
you guys a solid you can't fight her
anymore and now they might go on to
other organizations but it's not the UFC
so they can go on there and compete but
you're not gonna tarnish your legacy at
the highest level here in the UFC not
under my watch
No so I I couldn't do it
I would like I'll never pick against BJ
I would never pick against Randy Couture
I just I don't have it in me so when BJ
fights like I'll take BJ cuz I refuse to
pick against and then someone I respect
them but at some point I'm not gonna do
it and I don't obviously Danica neither
could you be like a dude no more we're
done well I'd have to be friends with
him my girl's friends with you yeah you
know I mean when when Yaya Rodriguez 360
roundhouse kicked him in the face that
shit up at the end I mean that well that
was you saw that and compared to BJ when
BJ beats on Chirk like you're looking at
a this is a severely different fighter
whose job is it's telling family and
friends no one's job you know here's the
thing man we can't let the fighter
decide well what is I don't think he
should be competing at the highest level
of the sport but if he still wants to
compete like who's to say he can't
who's to say he can't go to a small
organization and fight for them who's to
say I mean he's not a choice is it
Justin he's not gettin spark'd out you
know I mean he's still conscious he's
not yeah I know he's getting beat but
he's not getting crushed nope and not
all the fights at least I mean the Ryan
Hall one is probably the most Ryan halls
can tear any ones me off though oh yeah
oh yeah if you get if they give him but
he's gonna do that to your knee well
he's a phenomenal grappler and his super
super intelligent guy too but that was
probably the the kindest way for him to
lose just get tapped real quick rather
than just get a black belt beat up like
Frank
to him yeah I know but I guess it may be
again the commission they have a tough
job cuz like physically we can't see
into his brain but physically he's
passing all the tests like who like
whose job to tell Bernard Hopkins not
take that last fight when he got not got
the fucking ring whose job was to tell
Roy Jones don't go to rush and get
knocked out yeah don't worry that's so
old it repeats itself over these guys
what they got that's what makes these
stories so great when they're in their
prime and you're watching on the come-up
and so special but it's also what makes
this sport so fuckin heartbreaking cuz
you know who does do that the NFL in the
NBA they tell you no they tell you now
that's it and it's very black but that's
because someone has to fill that
position and they're not about nostalgia
they're about who does the best job in
that position shouldn't the UFC be that
way but it's not that the UFC doesn't
know who does the best job in that
position until they set you up with
somebody when they see over and over and
over again then we've salt but it give
me six but the argument is he's not
getting crushed he's not gettin spark'd
out he's not getting knocked out he's
just not as good as he used to be no
it's not a good argument but he's not
he's not as good as you used to be yeah
no I'm not saying I'm not arguing just
answer why do you think it's still at
the UFC in his opponent I don't know why
the because he's still a draw maybe yeah
that's a good question because because
right now the respect is it out of
respect like what is it what he's done
for the game he's earned the right to go
out on his own note but the stakes are
so high in fighting it's different than
basketball
I don't know whose job it's and I don't
have the answer and I wish I did I don't
know it's it's the most heartbreaking
thing in sports I think I agree and I
think with BJ if he would have found and
I don't know BJ well enough but if you
would have found a passion like I did
with stand-up or podcasting or something
else you probably would have been out
never come back
maybe but the thrill of yeah I mean he's
a multiple time world champion the
thrill of BJ when he was in his prime
it's probably indescribable
like what brings Nate Diaz back you know
there's money in the bank what's gonna
bring Connor back yeah it's not money
yeah those guys were born fighters
they're natural-born fighters these what
they do and that's that's what makes him
feel alive so I don't know
yeah the excitement the thrill the
fuckin I mean and look we're all gonna
die sorry
when people say you should look out for
their health well then we should stop
fighting altogether correct and yeah
right stop drinking and no more driving
yeah
driving is dangerous go walking
everywhere if we just walk and people
get in accidents walking they'll we find
a bump into each other it's a big deal
that would be cool yeah
I mean it's there's a real argument for
that right like this is a give a small
window the experience is life do you
want but yeah with a guy like BJ Penn
the reality is there should probably be
a number of fights that you lose in the
UFC where you just get cut you speak
three
was it a signed in paper thing no but
man when you've lost two which I did
that third one Joe Silva would tell your
management he told my manager like me
Lex McMahon goes no with this one you
know it's spray over we're here no he
wouldn't say that he go would we're
giving him one more and he knew that was
like that was just shot if you lost you
were done well even if you won but by
decision that when it cut you
you knew if as long as you got the job
done you its extent I saw one of your
interviews is really interesting you're
talking about if you bomb you could
always go down the improv and have a new
set redeem yourself yeah but when you're
fighting if you lost you'd have like six
months yeah were shit just dwell on that
and be like no I promise you I'm getting
better and stand-up anybody not I
promise I bombed if I'm strong went to
their problem they laugh so what's up
what's up yeah the life of a fighter is
probably the most stressful job in all
sports and certainly in all of
entertainment besides you know obviously
when we're at war and soldiers its
clothes thing and get this part yes and
I do not I don't admire it I feel sorry
for them because I've been through it
but that's from my perspective I love
those guys they fucking live off that
man my watch and I'm like well your
check ice I got ya tonight I felt
horrible for Brazil I felt bad for
Wilder when he got like God he's such a
good dude I wish you'd find something
else to do yes so the Showtime guys in
Makati car lays this into something
really cool after this he can make
hundreds and millions of dollars I think
twenty million dollars that night yeah
he's gonna go down as one of the
greatest of all time I think so I think
he's getting better with every fight and
I think if Joshua gets hit on the chin
with one of those fucking bombs away we
can see some crazy shit I think
while there is he knows how to take it -
he could take it got blasted by Ortiz
mm-hmm if you notice in the Brazil fight
he got caught he backs up got blasts
against fury yep he gets hit he got hit
in the 12th round against fury Josh
you're so interesting oh yeah cuz Joshua
cracks oh he does he does and he's been
hit before and dropped I did Adam and
Klitschko yeah got back off the ground
and then just arched him I did this
interview with Fox Sports Li Hey and she
goes who's the most overrated mainstream
boxer and I answered on my mmm I'm gonna
say Anthony Joshua just cuz I wanted to
hear this and he's I got fucked down my
fight wilder now but people ran with him
psycho he thinks Joshua was overrated
no I don't think Jeff I think Joshua's
Olympic gold medalist did over rate it
no he's being sent he's amazing I just
want him in wild fight he's also built
like a Greek god you know might be a six
man laughs he might be so he's jacked it
like 245 Josh you're shredded and heard
him commentate yeah he's brilliant ikkyu
late and that accent
it's lovely lovely chump fuzz gave me so
long let's go champ
it'd be so on yeah um what is happening
with my man Shannon the canons pinkie
let's go champ
he's been trying to get a fight forever
is he still yeah he's always trying to
get a fight yeah those two or it's like
too much of a risk he's a three man
horse race in he's a rescue horseman
yeah if you're not those three no was he
fight anybody yeah and you would have
Jim Gray be moving him up to line why do
old hear Jim Gray after the fight what
he said here's the wild he goes and
people were booing him because he goes I
get and I I love it but I also get why
people are booing he goes he goes champ
Wilder great performance because I hate
tell ya and Brazil's behind me us no one
wants to see do us to Brazil no one
wants to see fight Ortiz next that's
supposedly what was supposed to be next
I want to see if I'd our teas necks
it's either Joshua or fury that's all we
want to see when are we gonna give us a
who won the crowd when does Brazil got
starts and like come on he's in the ring
but Jim Greg is no offense so they were
booing Jim Gray said that he asked that
but I've but I'm I'm like I've been
shouting from the rooftops of my podcast
saying the exact same thing it's hard
and I and I told Showtime this it's hard
to sell the
fights because no one cares unless it's
the ones we want to see which is why
what's makes the UFC so great you know
you're gonna get one verse the champ you
know get the number two guy versus the
champ but the best are fighting the best
night in night out yes they got mad at
uh Jim Gray for telling the truth yeah
it's gonna get made that's just that is
what it is Jim Gray knows the fuck it's
also the truth it's the truth he knows
what the fuck he's doing
look man I'm all I want to see Luis
Ortiz I want to see that fight you want
to see what Louis Hardy's in Wilder
again a hundred percent do you rather
you think that should be next no I'm not
saying that should be next look if if
Joshua and Tyson Fury decide to fight
and Lewis decides to fight or Wilder I'm
fine with that you want to see it again
I'm fine I'm fine with that
haloo sorties is a beast and he's think
it's not it's not the best fight but I
would watch the shit out of that fight
more than Dominic Brazil oh for sure I
would love to see that fight I would
love to see that fight instead and I
think they offered at Ortiz I think
Ortiz had an injury the after adore T's
Joshua because Joshua was June right
yeah yes they offer it to him and he
said no he wanted here's but this is
this is boxing he's man that goes we
want more money in that one double
Joshua's team went on short notice now
we're giving you I think was five
million he went ten oh look Louis Ortiz
is Li JIT bro Liege it he's a fucking
cubicle limping limping boxer no idea
but dude come on how bad ass is goddamn
Deontay Wilder I mean he's Ortiz's yes
and he cracked somebody's ass Paul he
it's so fucking hard
so does Ortiz no he does not
we're teases a kill he's a killer but he
is not a killer the wait a while that's
a totally different fury on a killer
like water when he comes at one punch
power dude water in the world Wilder is
made out of wood that dude is iron when
he when he fucking hits dudes he hits
dudes in a different way it's like
they're getting clubbed it's amazing the
first thing I asked already did the
podcast like how the fuck do you hit so
hard like look he just knows he could he
can absorb shots he's just smart enough
to hang on there and just stand in front
of you if you're standing in front of
him he
none course gimme this fight 15 pounds
this is a tough fight this all I'm
saying is losing this flu look at this
he's getting his body worked he's
getting beaten his walk got clubbed
there dude he is getting fucking hurt so
this is not this is not an easy fight
for him and I think the rematch will be
even harder I really truly believe that
I think whatever Ortiz has got left in
his body he's gonna come at him and
Deontay Wilder knows that this guy can
fucking box the difference I think is
with Wilder you're dealing with a guy
who is getting better with every fight
because he's literally learning on the
job as one of the most successful
heavyweight champions of all time
because he's only been fighting since he
was 20 he's getting better and better
and better for Luis Ortiz
Luis Ortiz is like maintaining right now
60 years 49 years old from Cuba we have
no yes 7,000 fights once in a while he's
been popped he's been popped for stuccos
Jose yes it's fucking fury or Joshua or
go fuck your mother and then he dropped
him and he dropped him here Joshua wild
earnest listen bro if we don't I'm
telling you I'm down to see this fight
again I'm down to see this fight again
Ortiz how he hurt Wilder man no way yep
he hurt Wilder that's the happiest
Avenue that I fucking I love that job I
love that guy I love his story I love
how he is as a person he's fun great
person
he's great and he's also it's
interesting how small he is as a
heavyweight so thin when he fought Tyson
Fury weighed 209 it's nuts man 209 my
favorite part is he's such a beast of a
dad to bring baby brings him in his wife
everywhere yeah the rest the kids
everywhere like I was surprised how
sweet he was like he's like a warm
friendly guy
you love him his blessings to everybody
blessing his talent
yeah like vibrates yeah this is a real
deal man good to be around I'm excited
about the heavyweight division too
because I feel the same way about Joshua
Joshua seems like a like a champ of a
person yeah I've never talked to him
seems awesome how Mikey all these
interviews he like comes across you
smiling he's charismatic it's
interesting up and asked him where
probably got one them Land Rover v8 yeah
those defenders girls I'm saying that
because I saw a video of him where
there's a car show where they drove
Anthony Joshua around
you got a to drive around one of those
Land Rover defenders those boxy look on
military they're about to release a new
one they're coming out of the new one
yeah rotors come out with a new defender
oh wow yeah they have a new model it
makes sense they're such hits just like
Ford's coming out with a Bronco yeah
they're coming out with a Bronco and
they're also gonna have like a smaller
Bronco yeah it just took the baby Bronx
yeah they're two-door and a four-door
wait till they do like the SVT version
of only the Raptor version of them wrong
shit rather after your Raptor is one of
my all-time favorite trucks it is such a
meathead move to get a goddamn Raptor
she's such a meathead like you got bales
of hay back there son what are you using
that pickup for zero thing what am i
using for being awesome being awesome oh
yeah the thing about those lifted with
fucking monster truck Raptors or
preposterous cars because they give
someone the ability to drive like a real
off-road vehicle with 500 plus
horsepower and just get it from a
factory it has a craziest suspension you
could just drive over the fucking moon
without suspension I mean it has a crazy
travel in those wheels so when you drive
it on the highway - it's like smooth
because it feels like an s-class almost
yeah it absorbs everything but yet it's
you get it's a monster of a few months
and you could accessory the fuck out of
that bitch with some crazy bumpers and
rear bumpers and tail bumpers yeah sure
side pipes right I mean side steps and
shit what is up Deonte while there's
Gator skin today
Oh No let's go champ
no I don't support this loving more now
want more pictures yeah what are you
doing
listen first of all that's a rap okay
that's not real man skin it's a rap
what if it was real Gator skin they
would have to glue it to the car you
could there's like divots on the little
things
hush your mouth
that's not have an alligator skin I hate
alligators so if you know this I don't
like him I don't I don't talk about it
too much but I'd like a hate for scared
of them yeah yeah when I was a little
kid I lived in Florida when I live in
Gainesville from age 11 and we lived
near a place called Lake Alice and lay
cows had alligators and I knew there was
a lady that was walking her out her
walking helican walking her dog by the
lake and the algae out and snatched her
fucking dog solid and I didn't see it I
didn't see it but I remember that being
a thing and I've ever seen those goddamn
things all the time and everybody
telling me that you don't have to worry
about it
when I'm 11 my sister my sister is 10
and we'd be hanging out this lake and
I'd be like what the fuck is to stop an
alligator from eating us nothing and I
rely remember looking them in the eye
and I'm fascinated by them right they're
amazing so I always loved dinosaurs when
I was a kid that was a saw it is a
dinosaur I was always in nature I'm
always into like cool nature of shows
and documentaries so I'm looking at this
thing thinking like oh we're just used
to them being around like we shouldn't
allow them to be around we're just used
to them being around so we think it's
cool that they're around but they will
fucking eat you know eat your dummy
chance they get so I started buying I
buy alligator I always have affinity pen
always all my belts are always alligator
that's gangster dude I have alligator
bags for my pool cues I'm achievement
alligator alligator luggage I don't like
alligators I have an alligator wallet
fuck yeah dude I don't like to want to
kill them oh wow I want to kill them if
alligators if there's too many of them
and they were near you you'd want to
kill them too
they're eating machines they're
heartless eating machine
they got a brain the size of a thumb I
don't like them dude how about the one
that Disneyworld the parent said that's
their kid they're the two years yes
eight the fucking kid gave me know at
Disneyworld they have a real problem in
Florida they have to scan the fucking
property looking for alligators they
have to go through their waters there I
took my daughter my youngest we went
fishing there there's a there's a lake
that will you go bass fishing it's
amazing there's great the values in
there fuck yeah there is you got to be
careful man anytime you got a body of
your water and is Lorna land around
Florida yeah no swimming in Florida
that's my rule no so in those lame
swimming no any row don't know swimming
there's no watersports in Florida that's
the rule get out of the water no ice in
Tampa that you want to go the beach milk
you fuck you and your saltwater cross
sharks sharks you got shark soup down
here bitch fuck that fuck you Jimmy ways
to die in Florida dude the craziest
thing is happening right now in the
Everglades is the pythons they said that
there has been a 90 plus percent
decrease in the amount of rabbits
opossums raccoons deer like all the
major mammals that live in the Florida
Everglades are gone they've all been
killed by pythons they took a Judas
Python you know the Judas Python is they
take a Python they put a chip in it so
they can track it so they have this male
Python and they sent him out there to
find the females and they used him to
locate through the you know using the
GPS to locate a 16 foot Python 16 foot
female Python that was pregnant
games that match yeah so he's banging
these bitches out there making them
pregnant he's Homer so much and these
evil fucking snakes look at that thing
is that it snake hole snakes boyfriend
they have to kill it why also no no
they're invasive they're not supposed to
be there that's 73 eggs and it was more
than 17 feet long
you imagine stumbling across that they
know you're dead you're dead that thing
weighs as much as you do you're dead
holy fuck yeah that's probably a 200
pound snake oh my god this little
bitch-ass honey are you hotter than 40
getting away from this if I go to my
face if I got a knife
so he is staying in a live I get a piece
so
go ahead fee let's wrap this up people
want to see you special they can watch
it on Showtime you watchin yeah you know
yeah you can watch it for free go to
Showtime calm you get 30 days of
Showtime for free go to Showtime calm
promo code shop you know watch it for
free yeah and you better do some more
those improv shows I got a bunch coming
to tell me right here
comments do or let me do it there those
I wanna say thank you to you though
brother I wouldn't have even been on
this journey for them for you man dude
I'm proud of you brother very very happy
for you man all right my friends bye see
you
[Music]